 it's good but not great..
 jodha finishes first, akbar struggles.
 bollywood's take on akbar
 four hours wasted
 slightly slow and poor music
 body beautiful?
 i cannot say for certain, i liked this part of the movie or that part. i will go back to see this movie one more time.
 i still feel that swades is ashutosh's best film
 opulent is in fact, the right word.
 one time watchable
 jodha akbar
 not bad...but could have been much better
 a spectacular indian epic drenched in colors...
 if only...
 yes, awesome: but only in parts!
 bollywood double standards
 long movie folks
 gud historic.. predictable storyline.. gud one!!
 looong,......... sooo loong........
 jodhaa akbar is a well made love story and war based film
 "jodhaa akbar" : paro grows up, but she's still a little girl (oh, and thank goodness for subtitles)
 hrithik & his chemistry wish ash are amazing, but story drags!
 jodhaa and akbar
 a worth-watch family drama
 great indian historical movie
 visually appealing!
 just one word for this movie.."awesome".......
 the best period film after lagaan
 good,definitely good
 signature gowariker, the shine of hrithik..
 hrithik is exceptional! listen to me hrithik
 interesting and beautiful
 nice story but full of unnecessary dragging
 very good film that highlights religious harmony by reminding our history and culture
 a memorable watch
 ashutosh scores again
 azeem-o-shaan shahenshah
 one of the best acts of hr
 romantic movie rather than an epic/drama/action
 azeem- o-shaan cinema.....
 gowarikar wins again!
 time well spent!
 not a history lesson, but still an outstanding film
 a stunning epic, but occasionally superficial
 great movie!
 great attempt
 beautifully made cinemetic marvel.
 a must watch periodic movie ever
 two hearts amidst an epic setup.
 an amazing spectacle
 the magnum opus of 2008 (definitely)
 classic movie.
 jodhaa akbar - a masterpiece that begs question.
 brilliant non-historical love-story.
 a profound and delightful visual treat
 epic story great production
 grand and brilliant !!
 what can be said? except excellent
 tremendous movie. a visual treat.
 great cinematic experience
 brilliant
 an amazing film...truly outstanding!
 very definitely a love story
 best movie of bollywood
 a true indian epic if there ever was one!
 great
 the first hit / superhit of 2008
 beautiful movie, length of it could have been shorter...
 its like watching 2 good movies at a time.
 excellent direction with acting par excellence
 above all a love story
 the best movie
 beautiful film.
 surprisingly good
 must watch
 jodhaa-akbar is a slow poision killer...never want to miss jodhaa-akbar scenes
 the epic retelling of romance forgotten by history- jodha akbar
 lets get going now
 outstanding movie!!!!!
 one of the fantastic movie i have ever seen......
 "truly a masterpiece"
 jodha akbar - artistic and beautiful
