 great first half but aimless, predictable 2nd, just like sid
 wake up, indian cinema !
 dumb as hell
 wakes the teens up... not that brightly though.
 tries too hard to be a 'dil chahta hai' or 'lakshya'
 superb feel good film
 not a smart movie, very aimless
 watch it, it's worth.
 amongst so many bad hindi movies, here is good one
 a refreshing tale (+70%) - short movie review
 this is a movie of two halves and i love the second half a lot
 just...refreshing
 too early for a new & young director..
 a ranbhir driven movie with new and freshness
 cute and lite entertainer
 pure 2nd october movie !
 sid the man-child needs to grow up.
 one of the better movies this year - worth watching.
 not an eye opener but still refreshing
 excellent for the most part but konkana miscasted.
 delightful little romance
 wake up to an amazingly refreshing piece!
 wake up sid - an inspiration!!
 a must watch movie for ceo's of dads pocket money!
 good morning karan johar
 wonderful! beautiful reflection of the new india
 mature content from bollywood
 maturity comes with responsibilities and sufferings is what we know from this movie.
 must watch
 was sid the actual portrayal of ranbir kapoor?
 beautiful movie........reminds you of your college life
 a feel good movie
 simplicity at its best!
 awakening the underdog !
 an old story for the new generation..
 more than a movie ... cool breeze, morning sunlight or first drizzle
 bollywood waking up 2 some sensible cinema!!!
 a refreshing coming of age movie!!
 a movie ahead of its time
 an honest attempt after quite a time...
 wake up sid, is an outstanding and a complete real movie. love it love it love it!
 like a whiff of fresh air........
 awesome, but average.
 wonderful
 wake up - simply brilliant
 an underrated classic !
 best movie with best cast , music and all. never miss it.
 sheer lyrical piece of brilliant art..
 wake up sid !!! damn what a movie
 wow...! excellent!
 a perfect movie
 wake up sid
 ranbir kapoor - the star-actor!
 wake up sid is a brilliant movie mainly due to ranbir's performance
 there is a sid in all of us that needs to be woken up!!
