 a piece of history
 paan singh tomar : soldier -> athelete -> dacoit... this one's worth it..
 the film is actually the autobiography of an athlete/soldier who turned to a rebel due to the circumstances.
 sends a message of respecting national pride.
 i won't recommend it to my friends
 a biopic of paan singh tomar an indian athlete who turned dacoit.
 an unadulterated effort = contemporary masterpiece = paan singh tomar
 excellent watch - irfan gives a stellar performance
 one of the better movies of bollywood.
 national athlete turns chamba valley dacoit when all govt machinery fails to protect him
 must watch
 paan singh tomar is truly a inspiration movie, though it show how a good man can be made so violent and aggressive by the change and greed society has to offer
 made as a competently good biopic, the acting is well top notch is worth a watch just for irfan khan.
 awesome film
 finally something worthy of watching.
 an irrfantastic watch!!!
 irrfan khan's efforts pay off as he delivers a gripping performance!
 best of recent times
 a masterpiece.
 a journey from a soldier to a rebel
 paan singh tomar (u/a) hindi --------- my rating : ★★★★ true story
 an experience to live
 why you should watch paan singh tomar
 tigmanshu dhulia and irrfan khan do it again
 along comes irrfan!!
 true, magnificent & humorously touching
 fantastic movie
 a non confirmist bollywood movie after a decade
 a splendid movie! irrfan khan is phenomenal!!
 among the best !
 worth watch !
 great film !
 best of 2012 !
 i have renewed my respect for irrfan khan
 ice cream.
 a great effort!
 excellent movie revealing the truth
 this is what indian cinema is capable of !!!!
 this is an oscar material - rare yet great subject, amazing screenplay and awesome acting
 irrfan khan + tigmanshu dhulia = magic
 highly recommended !!!
 masterpiece and irrfan u beauty
 truly one of the best films of 2012
 the movie shows a true story
 from the perspective of a chambal guy
 mark of maturity
 hats off to irrfan !
 a real gem in an era of mediocrity
 great movie, a must watch for everyone....
 a tale of human condition. one of the best biopic from bollywood. irrfan was awesome.
 one of the gems from bollywood
 paan singh tomar ∞ the most important movie on indian sports ∞
 paan singh tomar: an indian national athlete who became a rebel
 sheer brilliance - an epic film
 the movie which must be watched
 glad to watch this one, srk and akshay lovers, please step aside
 sports person turns outrageous rebel, kicks ass on box office!
 wonderful film paan singh tomar !!
 irrfan khan has delivered superlative performance
 deserving movie !
 one of the best movies of indian cinema
 feeling proud as well as ashamed after watching this honest well crafted film revealing the bitter truth.
 must watch movie, best-est sport movie
 cinematic brilliance!
 inspirational, message oriented movie! bollywood at its best
 big bang to bollywood
 this is called a movie with "real actor" unlike so called stars without shine
 awesome movie with great acting of irfaan
 stupendous, fantabulous fantastically awe-inspiring movie!!!!
 an actor shines.
 an irrfan khan classic
