 talaash of a decent story
 above average to sum up
 talaash (2012)-an one time watch movie
 good movie, 'the end' could have been better
 do not get caught up in the hype...talaash is just another hindi movie.
 good movie but not an amir khans superhit
 a great start with an unexpected end
 talaash (u/a)- hindi --------my rating : 3/5 watchable
 brilliant storytelling, but not an 'aamir khan movie'
 enthralling, absorbing, sluggish, dramatic, and a bit disappointing
 aamir would have chosen the movie while suffering from insomnia !!!
 confused genre
 so so
 good movie with great performance from amir
 starts well but ends badly
 in all and all, good movie with twist in story lifted from famous hollywood movie(s).
 has the "talaash" ended ??
 disappointing ending
 expected more
 better than most b'wood movies but...
 not a time for that type of climax.. its old
 great acting but...
 minority report meets the sixth sense
 only a fine one time watch with a not so impressive conclusion.
 a good attempt
 after the mindless films that preceded it during the diwali weekend, talaash comes as a breath of fresh air
 in quest of the unknown with mr. perfectionist
 expect the unexpected!!
 talaash.... a search goes decently
 talaash is definitely good but not awesome..
 worth watch
 not by aamir's standards, but still a good movie.
 a magical thriller...
 watchable just till the climax
 a great hindi production after a long time
 dramatic version of "sixth sense"
 rehash of hollywood films with indian sensiblities
 a refreshing change!
 a perfectly executed search! (well, almost)
 a study in loneliness
 talaash is character driven, imaginative, emotional and an intense crime mystery.
 talaash does meet your expectations, but not the hype surrounding it
 a completely different kind of supernatural thriller, a niche film
 an interesting noir-mystery!
 a good refreshing break from the recent mainstream bollywood outings, but still in the end i was left a bit unsatisfied
 brilliant movie ruined by a run of the mill ending
 talaash works...a rare interesting bollywood mystery thriller!
 another good one from aamir but could be more better than this
 talaash....answer to different cinema lies in this
 great songs , great performances - risky subject
 overall a good watch
 one thing is for sure, those who do not like taalash are those who are going to like dabanng2
 good but not great
 'talaash' is a tale of love lost, fatal attraction and above all the quest to solve a perfect crime.
 good and unconventional
 a bold move as always...
 my review
 aamir is back
 a treat to watch.
 gripping! a must watch!
 unexpected and unrealistic climax - don't miss it
 very good movie - keep you engrossed till the end
 talaash-when your search ends unexpectedly!!
 the real ghost lies inside -- talaash
 very hollywood style suspense
 good movie - aamir khan all the way
 beautiful message in climax with good presentation
 best indian suspense movie ever but they took it a little far from suspense end will leave you with an exclamation
 was a good movie, would have been awesome if climax would have been better
 talaash is the search of a man coming in terms with the inexplicable
 this is the kind of story never told before in bollywood
 4 epic exp. avoid spoilers b4 viewing this suspense drama.
 very good supernatural suspense drama
 my review: a search worth finding!!
 solid psychological, suspense drama
 yet another masterpiece by the genius!!
 ****this review contain spoiler****
 great script
 thank you aamir khan for this awesome movie..........completely different subject ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
 talaash- intricately woven, wonderfully enacted.. must watch
 a movie of 30 seconds...........exceptional.
 it's really a good movie.aamir khan rocks.
 superb acting by all actors
 a nice watchable entertaining, suspense and thriller movie
 .......expected more
 excellent movie - talaash
 always amazing.. beautiful movie
 really love it
 it's like a fine wine🖤 ,you need a good sense to appreciate it
 best of the year
 talaash is awesome..jab tak hae jan is flop
 as far as khans of bollywood concerned, other two can only dream!
 talaash.... riding deep....
 mesmerizing from the start
 the khan is back with a bang !
 good movie
 treat for thriller movie lovers.
 atmospheric, intriguing and engrossing
 dark, somewhat gritty, and epic suspense.
 mesmerizing plot aided with top notch acting n soulful tracks.
 best indian movie in recent times,exceptional!
 a nutshell review: talaash
 "talaash" has a style .
 some people have a habbit of making amazing movies! aamir
 good concept for an indian movie
 awesome movie, must watch gripping performance
 an almost brilliant baked suspense cake !
 taking bollywood to new heights !!
 in indian cinemas.... u cant gate anything better than this... epic movie !!!
 great movie....interesting/unexpected ending
 great direction
 talaash review
 this is one gem of a movie u cannot miss !!! - bollywoods first real thriller.
 great movie
 simply superb :)
 outstanding, mesmerizing, spellbound and wow !!!!!
 ahead of it times thriller!!
 murder on the orient express
 messages we got...
 courageous film...
 one of the best of 2012!!!
 brilliant
 outstanding....edge of seat
