 don't expect to be 'wow'ed just simple entertainment like a mediocre novel.
 ek tha romance
 this tiger earns his stripes!
 salman rocks!!! film disspoints!!!
 it's a bollywood action with romance.
 ok but salman in it what huh????
 even though i'm not a big salman khan fan
 james 'tiger' bond in an mr and mrs. smith story
 interesting watch
 success matters... and ett is a success!
 a nice surprise - providing you don't take it too seriously
 time-pass
 good job mr. salman!
 romantic cake with action topping!!!
 if you can bear the first half, second half is worth it!!
 ek tha tiger? or ek tha "copycat"?
 lot of action ! one time watch
 ek tha tiger ... aur uski tigress
 good needs to be appreciated and ett is definitely a good movie!!!
 cool action film
 espionage romantic thriller with robust star cast
 an entertaining film! salman roars!
 a great watch
 ek tha tiger, phir then was salman
 decent enough for a one-time watch
 stunt saves the tiger
 entertaining in every segment..................
 a pure action-romantic movie
 ek tha tiger [2012,hindi,very good]
 tiger did roared and even the tigress...
 ek tha tiger delivers what it promises - entertainment. salman rocks once again !!!
 worth a watch!! defo
 salman's best action
 ek tha tiger (u/a)-----------my rating: 4/5 excellent
 it's an awesome blossom movie & i loved it!!!
 tiger does fall in love
 a fantastic thrilling entertainer
 good initiative
 a nutshell review: ek tha tiger
 not a must watch movie... but n entertainer
 salman khan returns with a bang
 worth watching!!
 a good movie for bollywood standards
 great
 not your typical salman masala film, but it has a good plot (for a change) and is thoroughly international look.
 one of the best movies in bollywood !!
 ek tha tiger super awesome blockbuster
 all around enjoyment
 top indian spy movie
 very nice.....stunts were a big +
 this film has converted me into a salman khan fan!
 best movie of salman in the last 4 years
 blockbuster ek tha tiger..!!
 good movie
 tiger is back with bang
 tiger awesome
 perfect entertainer
 full family entertainer
 excellent movie!
 one of the best movie i ever seen
 critics are going to be humble this time!
 salman khan rocks again
 ek tha tiger, ek hai tiger aur ek hii rahega tiger.
 go for it..
 the best action film made in hindi by a distance, with great stunts and breathtaking visuals
 awesome movie.james bond meets mr & mrs smith.superstar of bollywood is back.
 awesome ek tha tiger
 very good action and romantic movie.
 supppperrrrr
 awesome....
 good film
 tiger
 nice
 nice nice movie
 a full paisa wasool movie
 even critics are praising this film! and i can't say i blame them.
 epic!! you wouldn't expect anything less from kabir khan's exploration of the world of espionage.
 i absolutely loved it!!!
 amazing!
 i agree that this is the best action film in indian history, even with the romance. it's so good it reminded me of the time in salman's career when he
 one of the best movie
 loved the jodi of salman and katrina.
 come on man! it's a good movie!
