 vicky donor: better than i expected
 a good low budget movie..
 a good entertaining film
 this donor generous with laughs and heart...
 an attitude-heavy romantic comedy drama
 vicky donor is a 2012 indian romantic comedy film.
 a refreshing romantic comedy on a social problem.... but a bit glib
 an easily entertaining film that does not demand much from us and leaves us with something to think about.
 delicious punjabi tadka
 a light-hearted film with superb performances!
 donates genuineness in peculiar small films
 donate some time to vicky donor - worth it :)
 a nice movie!
 amusing and entertaining!
 a big surprise
 one of the best movie of 2012
 it's all about 'fertile' comedy!
 7.5/10 - delightfully deft!
 a great quality 'sperrrm'...errr.... movie!!!
 a refreshing surprise!
 juhi chaturvedi's mind game! watch it,
 unique concept!
 a lovable,enjoyable,promising film!!
 my review: come out of the box!!
 a socially conscious film
 a must watch for everyone.....
 brilliant...!
 vicky donor is a honest entertainer!!
 a good film with good motives deserve good appreciation ..!!!
 a highly appreciated donation...
 if there can be blood donors to save life , why can't there be sperm donors to give new lease of life !!!
 size matters....good things comes in small packages ;-)
 good music, good acting, not a hollywood inspiration and yet indian movie? kudos
 perfect entertainer....light comedy with heavy topic
 finally a good 2012 bollywood movie ...!!!!
 vicky donor - best sperm ji ;)
 its not only a fine comedy but one of the best romantic movies from bollywood with a loving message.
 a different sperm rates this movie to be spectacular!
 vicky donor : clinging on to reality
 different than usual, interesting
 one of the best movie in last 50 years
 nice take on an interesting theme,, good movie
 stand back romance and comedies. we have combined all of them into a sperm donor flick.
 much more than a question of stars, still for me nothing less than 4.5 on a scale of 5
 vicky donor
 funny heart-warmingvery well made
 character defining role for 'the sperm'
 a must watch film especially for the youth.
 the perfect entertainer
 a lot more then a comedy movie
 vicky donor (u/a)--------------------rating: 5/5
 the most pleasant surprise of the year... a really witty, feel-good joyride!
 why 8 or 9 out of 10????!!!!!
 the most underrated mature bollywood movie of recent years.
 awesumtacular!!!
 fantastic light hearted new genre comedy with strong social message and mind blowing acting,
 a game changer for indian film industry - must watch!!
 unique!!! unique!!!! unique!!!!!
 joe donor reviews vicky donor
 ***better movie in "bollywood" after a long time***
 awesome movie
 bhupesh pandya in this movie
 a fantastic movie !!!! very different,innovative,out-of-box but strikes the heart !!!
 awesome movie!!!!
 meaning full yet entertaining
 sparking bomb by john & sircar
 simply awesome!!!!
 great film
 hilarious comedy
