 an unbiased fan review
 fan, a film with a great concept depicting celebrity-fan relationship, went awry due to a screenplay with less of entertainment quotient.
 "a decent thriller that could have been much better"
 well done srk
 not anywhere among airlift, neerja, aligarh and kapoor & sons...
 good but not the best.
 an average movie lifted up by srk's top notch performance
 the story line was poor although it sounded like exciting
 fan (u/a) hindi ------- my rating: ★★★ srk's fan
 not much to offer
 predictable ? yes , entertaining ? again yes , overall - one time watch
 a european's two cents and some additional info
 not deserve rating than 6.5
 srk's efforts marred by bad screenplay and lazy editing
 a nicely directed movie that still keeps me confused if it's an srk film.
 srk rocks but the movie doesn't !!
 the movie which unearths the actor srk.....finally
 a triumph for srk & rejoice for fans !!!
 fan is srk announcing he is still the king khan
 the movie might be flawed, but shah rukh khan is perfect!
 another spectacular performance by srk
 i came out of the theater with a new shahrukh khan after watching fan
 fan or a stalker - outstanding performance by mr. shahrukh khan
 an admirable attempt to do something new
 srk is finally back to acting well,in this ode to himself and his crazy fans.
 call it a perfect one time watch
 the king is back!
 a good srk movie after a long time!
 an actor is reborn
 a good movie by srk after a long long time
 aryan should be gaurav's fan
 a flawed thrilling experience of complex emotions.
 changing the definition of cinematic liberties
 listen neither to haters nor fans
 again srk's outstanding perfermance
 movie with a good message but unnecessary drama too!
 started like a comeback movie of srk, but ended very trivially due to lack of story
 shah rocks...
 good
 finally, a worthy follow up for darr.
 a self-deprecating humor statement of shahrukh khan the human
 a truly magnificent performance
 mindblowing acting by srk
 the thriller look actually hides the intense subtlety underneath
 if srk's life was a song the title would be "the comeback kid"
 fantastic roller-coaster ride with truly global superstar..
 this is a film just for king khan's fans and very superbly layered with facets from his life
 the movie is worth watching. the acting as fan and star by srk is awesome
 kinda good srk movie after not so good movies
 "the movie with a strong story" - must watch film
 fan shows the real caliber of srk as an actor and his brave decision making
 a step in the right direction.
 "fan" is definitely a comeback vehicle for shah rukh khan whose performances makes it a memorable watch
 move aside a few awards mr srk, a new bunch is coming...........
 fan honest review
 srk minus typical bollywood masala equals to fan
 the enigma of fan
 depicts the flawed nature of human behavior. an offbeat movie.
 huge sigh of relief being his fan,thanks maneesh sharma
 a thoroughly gripping and interesting film....
 good movie with some flaws
 one of the best srk performance till date
 main tera fan hogaya!!!
 excellent acting performance by srk,
 impressive
 srk is back with a double bang
 fan is all about srk
 all hail the king, the actor in srk.
 fanatic.....fantastic....fan!!
 #jabra movie
 this ones' not a movie. its a faith restoration act by srk!
 awesome movie. something different in hindi cinema, hats off to shah rukh khan
 excellent performance and best story line to a fan
 now only blind salman fan can deny
 a complete srk show.. rated 9/10 only because of srk!!!
 shah rukh is back
 went in a critic, came out a fan!
 shah rukh khan the actor is back
 terrific movie. 1st half takes time to develop, 2nd half nails it!
 srk the actor is back
 best srk movie ever!!!
 terrific!
 an excellent movie..definitely in the top 10 all time fav movies.
 it's definitely in my top 10 favorite movies of all time
 fan : the film which every fan will remember till death. epic tribute for fans !
 love love love
 the actor srk show
 take this to oscars !!! may not win but worth it.
 srk returns and how!
 a senior that lead his junior in a wrong path
 fan is a masterpiece
 well, it was something. the srk what i grew up watching
 it's difficult to match king khan's performance
 for every person who is a fan of someone.
 i have become a fan again....
 pentagonal role
 srk is back with a big roar! <3
 a mindblowing movie .. with excellent acting performance by shah rukh khan.
 one of the greatest acting seen in cinema!! you will become a fan after watching this for sure!! truly the king of bollywood, world's biggest superstar!!b (mild spoilers!!)
 srk's best film, deserves best picture and best actor at the oscars
 fan review: .........just left speechless!
 never have i ever seen any movie like this..,
 brilliant, stunning action-thriller
 best yrf film
 good movie! great acting by srk
 fan - one of the best movie of this year
 srk deserves an oscar for this one; love the movie
 how dare you all!
 srk acting lifts up bollywood standards!
 fan: "fan"tastic!!!
 a must watch movie for everyone family or alone you will enjoy it
 quirky magnificent and breathtaking
 incredible performance by the king of bollywood "shah rukh khan"
 srk vs srk
 must watch movie
 excellent movie
