 not up to the mark
 srk's looks stole the film
 time machine needed to undo the act of watching raees
 raees review
 making films differently and making different films are different
 it has its few rich moments
 raees fails to make it big! disappointing!
 not so raees(rich)
 entertainment !!
 srk and nawazuddin , or kya chaahiye to watch this movie
 raees - good movie
 good acting.
 gangster movie gone too obvious!!
 just an ordinary regular masala movie
 ok but not great ! very grey character nobody warned about.
 raees is owned by shahrukh khan but not completely nawazuddin too shines
 raees have amazing performances from srk and nawazuddin but a lackluster plot and predicable screenplay disappoints.
 rehash of 70's & 80's
 another average bollywood movie...
 just a shahrukh khan show
 engaging gangster flick but the story is bit old and could have been better but overall it is a watchable flick
 watch raees for stellar and electrifying performances by shah rukh and nawazuddin
 nawaaz did good, mahira is illecebrous in those outfits but watch out for the cartoonish parkour sequence done by the racist actor who endorses fairness creams.
 an all in all shah rukh show. watch it for shah rukh khan.
 raees is an intense, honest don's saga
 srk in a new light. greatly scripted with good direction.
 yet another misunderstood shah rukh khan film
 "its all about srk"
 simple
 a well made movie indeed with solid performances by srk and nawazuddin and an awesome story telling!
 shahrukh
 nice and entertaining
 lovely
 super performances but should have been less heroic!
 srk and nawazuddin's performance makes it a brilliant must watch
 a wealthy entertainer
 raw and gritty crime thriller with brilliant performances.
 okay, dholakia ki #daaring & srk ka #dimaag .. . . ..
 a biopic is perfectly done by excellent acting of srk.
 era of realistic content srk movies just started
 a complete entertainer ... #must_watch_raees
 shahrukh khan is back! he is finally choosing great projects!
 just watch it for those dialogues
 grate acting of both nawaz and srk king of the bollywood. but i accept some thing like once upon a time in mumbai.
 it is something!
 srk rises once again with raees
 decade old formula, executed well.
 dholakia ka dimaag srk ki acting!!!!! srk's fine acting after fan,a rich entertainer
 srk acting and story was awesome
 a quintessential 1980's film + intense uncompromising masterpiece + srk heart wrenching performance
 raessful movie!
 a great entertainer with superb performances
 raees is another masterpiece after fan and dear zindagi
 raees movie review: true bollywood movie!
 one of srk's best performances.
 srk is back like a king
 salute to shah rukh khan
 india saw a movie of different type under national award winning director.
 raees is shahrukh's best ever. totally satisfied and paisa vasool. the best crime thriller ever made in bollywood.
 raees is a fabulously crafted classy entertainer
 bizarre ending of raees (the movie)
 srk rocks all time
 a pleasant surprise!
 nicely made bollywood flick
 why shah rukh is the biggest star of indian cinema!
 excellent movie raees
 raees is new sarkar... not nearly as good as i'd hoped
 raees
 dope movie
 superb superb
 best movies that you can watch best movie that can reserve oscar too.
 one of the best films shah rukh khan has ever been a part of.
 a must watch movie!
 one of the best movies made by srk
 best commercial movie which equally appeals critics
 raees is just awesome
 what a move! !!!!!!!!
 awesome movie
 raees is terrific
 wonderful performance oriented film
 raees fullfil your all expectations!
 excellent movie , must watch movie, best movie of sha rukh khan
 srk one of the best performance
 king of bollywood = shah rukh khan
 whistle worthy
 srk's best ever!
 i feel proud when i say world's biggest movie star 'shah rukh khan' is from my country "india"
 really good story and acting and the director really nailed it.
 excellent movie of sha rukh khan
 most of the comments here are biased and full of negativity
 sorry i'm a srk fan
 it is not a movie but an experience not to be missed.
 shahrukh, maria put on a khan-tastic show in gangster flick
 awesome movie. excellent chemistry and very nice script.
 srk movie that leaves with you after you walk out of the theater!
 entertainment is entertainment
