 faux historical with some great acting!
 will not be remembered as another heer-ranjha or romeo-juliet
 a cinematic spectacle marred by sombre tone, languorous pacing and lengthy runtime
 all form and no content
 respects its disclaimer more than history!
 the pictures are still good
 it just touched my heart , but banged my brain .
 some things bling and something missing
 please do not watch if you cannot digest love movies
 a lavish disappointment
 great drama, not sure of history
 sanjay leela bhansali makes a comeback
 a well-made, well-acted motion-picture!
 a well-directed movie; brilliant acting by ranveer and priyanka
 the visual treat retreats
 defines magnificence
 ...a good attempt in regenerating history.
 spectacular visuals but falls short
 bajirao mastani is slb's spectacle,its a emotional/tragic love story but comes up short of an masterpiece.
 powerful movie
 beautiful and grand, great acting
 sumptuous filmmaking - aesthetics matching the narrative
 good performances and music
 bit of a let down after all those awards it picked up
 worth watching
 bajirao mastani (2015)
 fantabulous, audacious and sheer romance
 bajirao mastani is a charred historical saga fossilized under the indian beds of parochial rules
 not as much music and dance as you might have wanted
 bajirao mastani: a perfect collage of individual's perfection
 extremely well directed and performed, bajirao is more than a visual treat.
 wonderful to look at - a great showcase for indian film
 a must watch, complete balance between history and drama
 bajirao-mastani should be lauded for surreal direction, exemplary cgi and commendable performances
 sanjay leela bhansali's magnum opus epic love story on screen
 brilliant art work
 bajirao mastani--what a movie!!
 bajirao mastani is a magnificent movie!
 excellent cinematic experience with blend of drama and real historically evident story
 spectacular but had flaws, could have been better...
 a piece of cinematic brilliance by the masterclass craftsman slb !!! priyanka sparked !
 ramleela of deepika & ranveer continues......
 majestic and beautiful
 a magnificent movie
 a visual and historical treat!
 sheer brilliance... the maratha style !!!!
 for his country, he won all his battle.for his lover, he lost even he himself.
 bhansali did it!!!
 must watch!
 a beautifully epic movie
 a heart touching movie
 bajjilu vesukone bajirao ki...mutton kottu mastanamma madhya jarige amara prema katha ;) #troll.
 its a wow moment in the cinema hall...mesmerizing experience...
 magnificent in all its parts, but lacks integrity.
 it's a grand representation of a sub-genre that slb has defined for himself
 bajirao mastani - marvelous visual classic - worth watching
 great
 bajiraomastani is sheer brilliance!
 the best movie of 2015
 another masterpiece from sanjay leela bhansali. a must watch movie
 bhansali's best film
 bhansali ne public ko movie dee hai, timepass nahi!
 perfection, excellence, maginficent.
 amazing direction sets and atmosphere
 live the epic through the excellent fraternity
 a soul catching film. highly recommended
 archetypal bhansali at his very best.
 splendid and grand
 the tale of love, passion and sacrifice
 masterpiece!
 if you won't watch it in theater then u will miss one of best movie of decade
 powerful dialogues!! acting!!
 one of the best movie of bollywood
 watch it just connect to lyrics of the each song which is a marvel in itself
 kashibai the epic saga
 absolute masterclass
 a historical epic- elegant and wholehearted.
 amazing film
 favorite movie of 2015
 blockbuster
 a fantastic and classic epic romance! a must watch!!
 excellent movie. much needed breath of fresh air
 priyanka acting was superb bajirao mastani a watch movie
 magestic indian epic drama of bajirao peshwa not to be missed
 'bajirao mastani' transforms into 'bajirao kashi' - liberty of cinema ★★★★★
 bajirao :an epic masterpiece
 marvelous performances...from direction to action
 an excellent slb signature movie with ranveer, deepika n priyanka at their best
 the film narrates the story of the maratha warrior peshwa (prime minister) bajirao i of the maratha empire and his second wife mastani.
 masterpiece by bhansali sir
 hands down one of the best recent released movie
 amazing film with great acting, music, costumes and dialogues
 this movie deserves an oscar
 theatres charging should be charging more to watch this movie
 bajirao mastani:an epic historic tale
 amazing movie
 exceptionally beautiful film
 masterpiece first half - brilliant
 "bajirao" is dashing in first place while "mastani and kashibai" is cheering for him... 95/100
 this movie is sheer class
 a fabulous film with great cast and oussum direction..
 awesome movie....
 bajirao mastani = awesome action + romance movie!!!!
 best bollywood movie of the decade
 something so magnificent that u can't miss ;)
