 over dramatic in the name of preaching
 should improve some things
 didn't like the ending
 overall good move
 udta punjab remains 'top notch' considering every aspect.
 drugs ki maa di
 a well-made film with superb performances!
 udta punjab is good attempt on reality based drug theme with brilliant performances and great moments in its screenplay
 where's the needle's divide between good and bad ?
 violent , disturbing, good performances but slow pace
 tommy singh !!!!!!!
 its a tarantino movie!!!
 good acting got in vain of loose plot
 the movies is a satire on drugs usage in punjab.
 excellent movie on a serious issue -the drugs and drug mafaia
 movie that touches the heart more often than it breaks.
 unravels the psychological effects of drug addiction on society and human
 udta punjab: an ordinary tale,where performances rules the screen
 good or bad film? let me tell you
 all about drug abuse and its after effects
 first-class tragedy. ♦ grade b+
 its not a movie its reality
 a bold and raw film which should be applauded for its genuine attempt.
 a funny ride with a social message
 dark, relevant & to the point with great performances by the assemble cast!
 diljit dosanjh making best bollywood debut ever!
 astonishing but brutal truth
 bitter truth of punjab
 harsh reality about how drugs destroy our aims,dreams,emotions and above all our relationships.
 udta punjab: "drugs on war nahin war on drugs"
 bollywood needs more of such movies
 it's more than just a movie
 poetic !!
 loud, expletive filled but entertaining
 ye humko na pata
 drugs are main cause of all evils
 entwined lives under the influence
 must watch movie
 one of the best
 a bold expose of punjab's harsh reality that deserves a big-screen viewing
 a praiseworthy representation of the dark side of panjab and its socioeconomic degeneration by uncontrolled absorption of drugs
 studded with great performances from the lead stars, udta punjab definitely deserves thumbs up!!!
 courageous but imperfect work.
 this punjab does go heights!!
 raw, exposing , well crafted movie!!
 a brave and true situation of drugs affected punjab
 this is called movie...go and watch it
 great movie with a great message to the youths and people.
 superb acting from everyone plus social message
 splendid acting, splendid direction
 wow...just wow !!!
 one of the best indian movie in recent times
 bitter reality
 masterpiece
 entertainment + social message
 one word, brilliant .!
 good movie that highlights the problem of drugs in punjab.
 udta cinema!!
 excellent movie in the mainstream world
 best film of this year till date
 udta punjab belongs to alia bhatt and diljit dosanjh
 a 'no way out' situation for indian state - punjab!
 absolute brilliance!! a story everybody must watch
 the film has its highs and lows, but delivers a solid kick
 brilliant bollywood take on drugs in punjab
 get prepared to ignore the subtitles!
 excellent story line matched by four stellar performances.
 'udta punjab' soars on the strength of strong performances and many high notes
 let this movie fly-i cant tell who performed better in this!
 awesome movie for the youth and also for the people and families suffering from this disease
 this movie is a must watch 10/10
 superb movie on drugs !!!
 good movie. the harsh realities......
 one of my favorite and garnering good ratings in imdb
 touch of tarantino
 an eye opening thriller which brings out the real truth about punjab
 udta punjab can revolutionize
 one of the best film of this year
 amazing!!
 excellent film
 brofist for you
 just beautiful!
 best bollywood movie i have ever seen
 one of the best in a long time
 relevant topic, great message and brilliant performances!
 intense and real
 it is the most wonderful movie.
 a powerful film which deals with a global issue
 an excellent morality tale
 a very good movie......worth a watch
 flying high
 just wow..!
