 lengthy with unrealistic fight scenes and a very predictable plot typical bhai-movie agonizing 2 point something hours that i'll never get back -
 this movie has some moments
 implausible plot, childish sultan
 sultan - over hyped film with neither substance neither entertainment
 good movie to watch
 i smell tom hardy and warrior (2011)
 salman khan cracks and bleeds in his most real performance
 review
 a one time watch
 movie is above average
 she gave up her dream of olympics - biggest disappointment.
 not a great one but outstanding performance of salman transformed this movie a good one......
 can watch this once if you are looking only for entertainment and no sense
 salman soars in this engaging film!
 film is lengthy, acting is good and plot predictable
 sultan may have highly predictable screenplay but it has its own charm with brilliant performances and scenes.
 mix bag with good performances , nice direction and pretty good fight sequences.
 family sports entertainer
 very inspiring movie specially for any sports person !
 salman's day at work, finally through
 awesome story, star cast and beautiful indian love story....just that i wish aarfa also participated and won the olympics
 a one time watch
 cliche as others!
 finally! best daav from salman khan. applause!!
 bhhaaaaaaiiiiiiii !!!!
 hasn't lived up to the expectations
 an emotional roller-coaster!
 dramatic sports drama with a good punch
 salman khan cracks and bleeds in his most real performance
 sultan, a love story set up in the backdrop of wrestling, inspires us to fight with our inner demons and emerge victorious.
 perfect masala flick
 good wrestling movie
 sultan is in good form
 surprisingly good.
 sultan review: triumph, tears, glory, and brilliant entertainment
 2hrs 50 minutes approx is a bit long.... but it won't disappoint much because of its entertainment factor
 sultan is another bajrangi bhaijaan type performance from salman
 sultan rules over your heart
 give blood
 well done salman
 salmon khan! salmon khan! salmon khan!
 sultan is great but not excellent
 sultan will strike gold at the box office. a perfect amalgamation of drama, emotions, love story with mma / wrestling as a backdrop. an out an out family entertainer.
 salman balboa.
 just another bollywood movie with a superstar
 entertaining sports drama
 great
 sultan (2016)
 sultan movie review : "yet another underdog story from bollywood, with salman delivering performance of a lifetime!"
 wasn't boring......
 wrestling with life
 the story of a wrestler wrestling against his own arrogance. salman proves he can act and act "well".
 "sultan" is a well-made wrestling drama which delivers a solid punch. good !!!
 honest review
 sultan review: it can't get any better than this!
 salman is just unstoppable. not-to-miss movie
 never thought 'sultan' will become one of my fav movies.
 excellent acting, fab direction & spectacular underdog story !
 salman's best performance
 nice wrestling movie
 inspiring
 sultan too good
 awesome movie
 masterpiece
 masterpiece
 one of the finest sports films made in india
 sultan: an honest and cogent character that will win your heart.
 one of the best movies of 2016 and probably for salman too.
 sultan is a treat to watch. don't miss it at any cost.
 must watch movie!
 the first bollywood movie touched my heart, touched my soul, made me cry more than once...
 eid gift by salman
 sultan, the indian rocky
 beyond perfection
 salman rise among inspirational leads
 brilliant performance by all...a inspirational and motivational sport drama
 probably salman's biggest ever. possibly india's biggest ever!! that's #sultan
 sultan review: great film by salman khan.
 stupendous sultan will make you laugh,dance,cry with goose bumps
 awesome & excellent show
 overall a must watch movie 🎥 and not to miss out by any chance
 great story which keep audience to stick to their for whole 3 hours.
 a winner all the way!
 amazing.....
 sultan tells that wrestling is not a game played just fun...it's about fighting with struggle of life
 man salman khan is on a role in this movie so is anushka
 good wrestling movie
 great entertaining performance by the salman khan
 an excellent movie
 best movie of salman khan & best sports wrestling movie of bollywood
 speechless..inspiring..and many more
 for those who appreciate entertainment
 great beyond expectation, certainly worth your money..
 mind blowing, inspiration
 truly magnificent !!
 simply fantastic
 best
