 good but not best
 pink: high on rhetoric and low on intelligence!!
 amitabh was sublime but there were many flaws
 could have been something wonderful........turns out to be a very amateurishly made movie
 okay film, not the masterpiece people are claiming it is.
 not as powerful as i expected but thought provoking for all indians to watch.
 highly relatable story with gripping suspense.....
 a blazing indictment of all that's wrong with us
 brings the topic of rape but not so good critically
 horrible movie
 for the people who don't have feudal thoughts, there's "no"thing new or exciting in this script.
 incidentally pink..
 above average movie with spectacular performance from amitabh bachchan.
 no means no
 bold & brave!
 good one-time watch with an important message for indian society
 a grieving take on judgments over women's dignity
 a fresh attempt towards important cinema
 no means no. ♦ grade b+
 paridigm shifting movie
 realistic and gripping
 a thought provoking drama on women empowerment.....
 just outstanding !!!
 finally a film challenging the stereotype. no means no.
 brilliant !!!
 a thought provoking drama.
 thought provoking
 thought provoking
 feminism at its best
 pink movie review.......my rating 8/10
 faith in judiciary - restored!
 redefining hindi cinema and the indian society
 almost excellent
 unnervingly commendable work to free the #pink
 a pretty good watch
 message is clear by a powerful story & stellar acting.
 good script, fancy ending
 this movie will leave you pink!
 a much needed social message!
 pink with a purpose
 master piece- good social message
 once in a lifetime film !!
 excellent, intense & gripping courtroom drama!!
 cinema's pink revolution has started by shoojit and aniruddha
 do yourself a favor, leave everything and watch pink !!!
 pink through its highly engaging plot and courtroom drama turns out to be so powerful that it is bound to shake you to the core.
 a feminist eye opener film,slapping on indian male dominated society.
 pink is dark, brave and a much needed film
 a riveting thriller of today's darker society
 must watch for everyone
 very much watchable, but sans bachchan, it wouldn't impress as much
 must watch
 a very important movie for indian society, but ultimately remains relevant to urban tier 1 city movie buffs
 a movie that catches the essence of struggles of women properly
 dirt mentality
 pink "no means no"
 pink : is a must watch! it is a socially relevant movie!
 incredibly thrilling
 no means no
 closing statement
 men and women, a piece of mature drama that has to be watched.
 nice social message
 an essential watch in the time of #metoo
 delhi on trial
 pink is a must watch for every indian citizen and easily one of the best movies of 2016.
 an eye opening thriller carrying an essential message for all indians. so intriguing from start to finish you will never be disappointed
 good bollywood movie after drishyam
 dyeing our conscience
 outstanding
 thought provoking and a giant leap in bollywood. we need more of these.
 pink movie review-"tum ladkia ho yaar"
 grips you from start to finish
 a must watch for every bollywood fan
 'no' is a statement...'yes' it is
 'pink' is striking...
 a thriller that turns to court room drama that is showing a plight of a girl and her two friends
 stupendous! speechless
 yay!! great movie, leaves a deep impression
 engrossing and educating. watch it already
 must watch, once you start it will grip you till end
 no is a complete sentence in itself. period.
 no means no... a complete word by itself
 probably the best film i've seen in a really long time
 another human touch to explain, no from a woman is no. no matter who that woman is.
 flawless
 depicts the truth of our society!!
 important cinema in indian film.......not to be missed
 as good as a movie can be
 pink - a new think link
 slap in your face!
 its a must see
