 could have been better
 a failed quick-job
 a one time watch.. there are much better films out there in hollywood on this topic
 philosophical as much as fortune cookies goes..
 why do the make a film with no story arc?
 love the movie hate the b-roll filled ending ...... 6/10 {spoilers in the second part of the review}
 nice execution but weak plot.
 to understand about life ups & down
 love you zindagi
 a terrible movie in first-half, gets a bit better later
 interesting. difficult story told reasonably well. 6.5.
 fresh take on the struggles of life in modern society
 gauri shinde's only downfall was the writing but the direction and performances kept the movie alive.
 charismatic srk gets you thinking
 alia bhatt's solution for failed love
 its all about life
 dear zindagi, we haven't talked in a while...
 relationships? emotions? philosophy?
 alia & srk shine in an uneven film
 everyone makes mistakes
 flawed yet worth watching.
 dear zindagi
 effortless direction by gauri shindhe and this deserves an applause..
 just misses a 'classic' tag but still a must watch film !
 dear zindagi...
 srk is back!
 a timeless script that's not classy but very deep
 motivational movie
 absolutely amazing
 go and enjoy "dear zindagi" as it gives a strong message to enjoy the life even in imperfect situations
 beautiful
 a movie for all people
 breath of fresh air :)
 "don't let your past blackmail your present to ruin your future"
 dear zindagi, a brilliant film by gauri shinde, depicts philosophies of life beautifully.
 dear zindagi is a 2 and half hours psychotherapy session which actually works.a feel good movie with brilliant performances and direction.
 a beautiful movie!!
 one of the more sensible movies of 2016. alia and srk both shine!
 a well packaged movie with lots of inspiring dialogues and message
 a punishment of a difficult path is not always required for any achievement, why not choose the easy one which makes us happy.......
 gauri shinde's 4 years gap paid off.dear zindagi
 very good story, great acting by alia and good cinematography. direction could have been better but still a well made movie.
 will nurture all the broken hearts out there.
 gauri shinde knows how to make you smile. brings us the finest performance of alia bhatt with a commendable srk as her support.
 dear zindagi.. a heave of fresh air...
 alia bhatt and shahrukh khan nailed it and that is how read below
 dear life!
 after #highway alia is on #freeway
 taken away
 must watch !
 miss me kiara!
 "dear zindagi, i know we haven't been in touch for a while. so, nothing. just wanted to say hi."
 nice movie deals with physiological issues
 reflection of milenials kid crisis
 a film that beautifully addresses issues in society and hopefully changes mindsets
 good movie with good life lessons
 book your tickets now!
 awesome movie with great message
 a must watch !!!
 a film not about a girl, but the essence of life's issues. it tells you why one mustn't run after finding solutions, but digging out reasons.
 this is real! it is truly touching.
 brings into light the most swept up issue in india
 charming and brilliantly acted - gauri shinde does it again
 srk is now officially back....first fan and now dear zindagi
 gauri shinde nails it the second time too - alia is the best actress - srk thank you for doing this part
 live it with alia, srk, gauri !!
 refreshing movie, gauri & alia shines, srk beats all by performance
 best movie
 worth watch
 a beautiful film that shines through it's brilliant acting
 a must watch movie and excellent performance by kaira and jug
 spectacular, masterpiece
 beautiful film, outstanding performances
 a cult classic flick
 emotional roller-coaster; fantastic piece of cinema
 dear zindagi : a fresh air of life
 be pyaarelaal even if mountain lion eats you......
 an outstanding piece of art! a must watch !!!!
 it's something fresh
 srk shines at a different role
 inspirational movie for modern world
 sequel to "kal ho na ho".wow.
 outstanding movie...srk rocks
 srk is back with a bang of classy movie with awesome aila bhatt
 the movie is excellent with a positive message .
 there's a reason srk is a mega-star: he can do anything!
 a film that'll fill you with positive energy!
