 long & boring
 worth a watch...may be on dvd
 good acting finishes up with a lame ending
 good
 full of sins
 priyanka great. movie as a whole not so bad
 dark noir masterpiece of bollywood genre
 excellent build-up ends in an anti-climax
 experimental... but not that great
 hands down! mesmerizing 💖😍
 fun at dark comedy
 loved this movie !
 this daaarrrrling is forgiven and unforgettable .........
 good but not great
 celebration of weddings & funerals
 great story, above mediocre execution
 a stellar presentation
 saat khoon maaf
 sacred sin of filmmaking
 technically well done. film length won't attract many, except people interested in decors and costumes. some aspects make this film stand out from average bollywood product
 interesting but misses some key ingredients
 a dark comedy
 mesmerising!!
 susanna's tireless search for perfect happiness
 love kills, and murder and mayhem were never so much fun!
 a film with wicked experience that will engulfed you while watching movie
 a nutshell review: 7 khoon maaf
 not the most entertaining, but still very good
 absolutely dark and gripping
 hell hath no fury like a woman scorned
 7 khoon maaf does not forgive.
 7 khoon maf "an attempt beyond indian cinema"
 great movie if you crack it,and find the reason behind it being titled "saat khoon maaf"!!!
 unexpected bollywood gem
 great. it's all priyanka. intelligent film-making at its best.
 brilliant movie-the naive woman who throws herself into a sequence of marriages only to find her delusions of love destroyed by the dark side of her "mr. rights"
 saat khoon maaf - flawless
 viewers delight for pc...
 and the award for the best movie for the year 2011 goes to 7 khoon maaf !!! (hands down)
 a magical dark tale- priyanka chopra deserves best actress academy awards
 a dark beautiful eperience,a gem
 priyanka's terrific 7 khoon maafs...
 loved it
 underrated; riveting plot; breath of fresh air; great performances
 amazing piece of art: vishal & priyanka rocks-best movie of 2011
 love it
