 simple & sweet...
 too simple but still a nice attempt to recreate the magic of hrishikesh mukherjee, made on the lines of khosla ka ghosla.
 two times 3½
 a strong script and rishi kapoor make the firm worth it!
 i had a positive time watching
 simple yet educational family drama
 the real taste of delhi.. funny and quite authentic
 a rare movie showing real middle class picture
 excellent depiction of teacher's state in india!!
 a simple movie with simple hopes and dreams
 a compelling modest family story.
 exceptional movie.......
 a heart warming movie!
 an excellent and very well made movie
 an awesome family movie!!!!!!!!!!
 enjoy life with fun and masti
 too good to be missed
 an exemplary feat by habib faisal.
 movie for every middle class family in india.
 second half of the movie was awesome.
 all compromise for each other and for their happiness
 all should watch this movie with with your family
 story of an indian family
 motivates me and my family
 movie shows indian middle class family in a very beautiful way
 watch with your family
 fabulous film
 movie inspired from 80s telly show wagle ki duniya
 super-strong dose of moral science lessons
 heart touching
 simple heartwarming film
 do dooni chaar - i can relate to it yaar !
 small budget movie but a great and excellent concept.
 captures middle class india caught in consumerism
 entertaining middle class movie. makes one proud of a honorable life lived.
 pure family entertainer.
 a good watch
 feel the same pain as duggals
 dream of the family to own a car !!!!!
 movie without any melodramas..............
 about sacrificing dreams for family....
 just one word, excellent!!
 for those who had lived in delhi
 that's what we are doing in our daily life !!!!
 real gem in indian cinema
 movie depicts importance of a teacher
 enough colors to entertain and enlighten the audiences....
 movie is really awesome..................
 just can't be described in words!
 superb effort by whole unit............
 very easy movie to relate to................
 team deserves a big hand!!!!!!
 rishi kapoor is brilliant in his role
 great pleasure to watch the movie..
 duggal's are a 'normal' family.............
 this one has just beaten many films
 each generation should watch.
 great work!!
 lovely slice of life..................
 comeback movie for the best on screen couple
 perfect family picture.
 can not miss this one!
 excellent movie with excellent star cast....
 a simple but heart warming film!!!!
 a must watch movie!
 struggle for some basic needs of life.......
 choose honesty instead of taking shortcut
 comedy is endearing...........
 i felt so much love for what the maker has written
 lovely way of conveying this concept
 truly excellent movie!!!
 teachers based issues !!!!
 based on your own daily life ........
 colors to entertain and enlighten its audiences
 for all those who demand unnecessary and expensive things from their parents
 watch with your family!!!!!!!
 rishi kapoor portrays a perfect father!!!
 really good clean fun!
 highly recommended!
 education is most important without any shortcuts.......
 surely you will gonna enjoy do dooni chaar
