 a confused mishmash of formulae
 'ra.one' - a movie with some effects and a lot of stupidity!! just dreadful watch
 175 cr disaster!
 unwatchable..
 this film should have been a documentary on marketing management!
 5rs bar-one chocolate is much better
 point out a single 'good' thing about this film and get paid from me.
 dishonest film,cheated public with lame publicity !
 weak script, horrible acting, special effects?????
 juvenile and pointless. not entertaining at all.
 **i really like that srk who showed me chak de india,don,kal ho na ho etc.not that one who showed me "om shanti ,rab ne banadi,kabhi alvida ,now ra.on etc.**
 you can watch it to see how bad it actually is!
 best indian movie - are you kidding me???
 i want my money back ,hype created ,critics r being paid to give good reviews
 wish i could rate it lower
 hmmm! seriously srk?
 awful story, too long and very boring
 'ra.one' ..a total baal er movie!!!
 srk is the king of marketing, but honestly the movie absolutely sucks.
 ra one joke of the year
 video game hero coming to real life
 not even worthy of one star
 the most regretted movie... good fx work... extremely poor storyline and direction
 ra.one: a b grade sci-fi or worse
 a cloying ploy to with the sole aim to mint money
 spoiled my day - ra.one.
 attempt to take indian cinema to a new level!
 how a super hero movie should not be made
 stupidity or bravery?
 i can surely see the future of indian cinema & its a hell !!!!!
 boring
 ra one is a waste of money!!!!!! for both audience & filmmaker!!!
 pathetic is the word.
 poor in content
 wasted opportunity
 film to avoid or wait till it is screened on t.v
 an piece of trash by an over-confident and arrogant srk...
 that's it? really? that's it???
 are you kidding me? yes we are
 a poor mix of terminator2 + superman+ spy kids
 srk still not able to come out from oso syndrome... i want aamir khan to do ra.two
 its good to try but if there is blind appreciation way to hole if not black hole is sure...
 a worthy effort, but...
 ra. one - human cruelty
 story not at all good.
 not worth watching
 an opportunity lost.. quite badly
 shahrukh's worst
 bad.one!!
 not worth watching , movie lacks the potential of being a super hero movie
 all things aside.
 a big disappointment ........................................
 copycat
 all hype no substance - disappointed
 below average
 bollywood should improve some maturity and seriousness in the movie
 terminator caricature!
 failed to live up to the hype
 did not meet the expectations
 a mammoth disappointment
 a total waste of real potential!
 it too good because it is too bad
 average movie
 ra.one is a collage of scenes lacking a viable script
 ra.one - a bad one
 a visual treat. deserves being a super hit.
