 see it to believe its stupidity
 a perfect example of how you can ruin an amazing movie
 talaash: the search for a thriller begins.
 over-hyped, senseless , idiotic ,logicless , time wasting and irritating movie
 talaash just 5 out 10
 total waste of time and money
 the worst thriller of hindi cinema.
 fishhh u mr. sissy aamir
 worst movie of the year
 worst movie after ek tha tiger
 should aamir practise what he preached?
 good try but lost it's way in mid of story
 just above average !
 this move sucks and here's why -
 don't go with much expectation
 the answer is on the surface: it's raaz 4!
 couldn't make it ! search remains unfinished !
 too much emotional, where is the suspense ?
 could have been better
 fails to excite...boring...not upto aamir's standard
 slowest movie in the world
 a big hype about nothing
 disappointment!!
 reema kagti carelessly places her directorial hands over talaash's genre-confused body, resulting in an impotent snooze-fest instead of a sensational cinematic orgasm
 should watch it once, serious movie and a bit slow !
 average
 why ghost ? but movie quality is good !
 good acting but movie falls !
 enjoyable only for die-hard aamir khan fans
 slow and not a powerful climax
 can watch once but don't blame me!!
 an average story which was too slow paced for an attempted thriller... a disappointing climax which let all the suspense built up till the end sink like the titanic...
 another average which didn't work
 not really worthwhile
 very predictable
 its not so good, a lot of flaws!!
 ghosts and spirits believers will enjoy. others keep out.
 disappointing aamir this time....
 imperfection from mr perfect....
 disappointed
 till now many people called aamir a perfectionist. the others didn't agree or disagree. but now the others will say what aamir says in diplomacy-not a perfectionist.
 most ordinary suspense
 ridiculously unrealistic!
 i couldn't laugh neither could cry
 talaash.a sleepy adventure
 hyped film with no substance
 good attempt but lacks fun !
 a cop struggles with his personal demons as well as the intricacies of a murder case that has seemingly supernatural aspects.
 not perfect....well.. amir was .... ah.. average.. but not the best this time
