 this movie is about 6 losers who are trying to loot a bank in dubai
 a very important question
 f***ing grow up already
 watching a blank wall for 3 hours would be more interesting
 worst movie ever
 how? why!?
 worst movie i have ever seen
 movie was boring
 awful!! what did i just watch?? (cringe)
 a poor attempt at creating entertainment
 strictly don't watch
 horrible movie
 a story of robbery.............
 the biggest heist movie ever: its going to loot the indian audience of money & intelligence
 pathetic
 an amateurish attempt by some of the veterans of bollywood
 really farah khan ? did your triplets write the script?
 apparently, indian producers think their viewers are stupid!
 awful
 awful! worst movie of the decade.
 this is painstaking to watch!
 trash can is worth more
 even if you waste your money please don't waste your time
 horrible movie.
 another bokwaas from srk's kitty
 god save bollywood!
 not worth watching..
 another chennai express and srk gotta break the stereotype and grow mature
 worst movie of 2014
 pathetic, tedious and lackluster. a recipe for sad new year.
 senseless movie
 outstanding movie with an other-wordly charm; this is what makes bollywood unique and special!
 not great!
 i do not recommend this movie to heart patients. stay away
 no at all worth the wait
 the worst
 come on bollywood!
 sharukh promoting nokia phones.! farah's illogical film!
 complete waste of time......
 disappointing to the core
 3 hour of stupidness
 a boring 70's kinda movie
 worst , awful, nonsense are not enough to describe this movie.
 the worst heist movie ever
 an unrehearsed nonsense. ♦ 29%
 shahrukh certainly deserves much better projects, directors & concepts matching his current status & simply doesn't need to do such poor, repetitive films.
 slap on the face of viewers
 come on, sexism out
 worst movie of shahrukh till date
 wish there was something new
 most disappointing srk movie i have watched
 heavily pred pathetic brain chewing thriller
 way too slow
 too many & too much spoil the new year
 hype of the year !!!
 even srk couldn't save this..!
 shame on you shah rukh?!!!!
 another disaster from srk (and team)
 only good thing is abhishek bachchan
 bad spoof of shalimar
 just as an srk fan
 happy new year turned sad
 i'm a huge srk fan but let's be real... this movie is awful
 to watch it leave brain/sense at home....
 nothing out of the world just okay
 watch only if ur srk fan...! otherwise its a big let down
 why farah why?
 no brainer, just some entertainment
