 majority of the 10* reviews are fake fake fake!
 just as i expected....same old clichéd film.
 dilwale ...... mix of bad dialouges and bad acting
 rohit shetty never ceases to disappoint with his mediocrity nor does shahrukh khan
 i loved "inception" but i hate "dilwale"
 movie is very bad, marketing was good.
 worst movie of rohit shetty
 utterly stupid, cheap and annoying movie
 bad story-line and avoidable at its best!
 very bad
 useless film - a flop show
 the best 3rd class movie i have seen ever
 old story with old hero heroines
 zero substance...zero fun...what a mess!
 dilwale disappointing
 waste of money
 a good sleep inside ac theater
 real waste of time.
 biggest flop of the year 2015
 not good as expected
 not worthwhile
 absolute crap
 horrible movie
 not much special. routine base. loss of money & time
 worse movie of kajol-shahrukh
 why srk??
 dilwale is rohit shetty's worst movie. it's painfully fake and hopelessly contrived; an assembly-line piece of garbage that mistakes the audience for a fool.
 cars flying, bullets firing, people suffering, worst mistake to make this movie!
 probably rohit shetty's weakest film.
 worst movie ever made in the history of cinema!! period.
 extremely unacceptable !!
 nothing good about this movie.
 bad movie........there is no match between rohit shetty and shah rukh khan
 worst movie of shahrukh
 waste of time to see dilwale
 no dil in this one
 dilwale
 inception?? really??
 dobara aisi film mat banana. jaan leloonga
 worse movie of srk after guddu
 i want my money back
 you can give this movie a skip!
 even comedy is lost in quest of love
 dont watch
 heartless
 they keep on serving the same seen before stuff in such smartly repackaged products, considering we the non-complaining viewers as mere foolish fans.
 good songs, terrible film.
 a horribly wasted kajol-shah rukh jodi
 ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
 a scatterbrain; definitely the worst by shahrukh!
 more like binadimaagwale!!
 bullsh*t movie that should be renamed as cars
 dilwale is predictable and boring with nothing new to offer !!!!
 a typical rohit shetty flick. a masala movie, nothing new to offer.
 there are better ways to spend your money... lol !!!
 doesn't have the heart one expects from it!
 not what i expected..
 a very boring movie by sharukh khan
 dilwale-an epitome of mediocrity, below average.
 terrible !
 just hhhhhh
 a raw, hit, shitty movie!
 painful to sit through
 senseless, loose and disastrous
 the 15 year itch
