 tediously prolix. a perfect example of an ethnocentric n regressive film.
 nothing more than a jewelry advertisement.
 another bollywood masala movie.
 grow up slb
 history distorted fake story with real names and representing wrong history
 lousy waste of money
 most historical biased movie i have ever seen!!!
 worthless to see this movie even for a single time.
 formula for success
 overrated and waste of time.
 watch it for jewelry, dresses and bad cgi. the rajputs need not get offended by it...its a very sad waste of time.
 over glorification of rajputs
 another pathetic attempt by bollywood to distort sub-continent's history
 nonsensical effort to destroy facts
 waste of money and time
 irresponsible filmmaking
 such a bad presentation of movie, i hated every part of it.
 not good
 hypocrisy and twisted history
 jewellery movie
 don't waste your time
 shame on you film director 👎
 nashedi gangedi
 bored to the core...
 disappointed
 don't understand what the big fuss is all about
 unrealistic and totally predictable
 disappointed
 disappoint
 a fantasy or film or fiction
 the movie is very hyped. not worth 3 hours of your life.
 excrutiatingly boring...and it gets worse
 only ranveer singh's act saves the day
 all the hype & hoopla in vain
 padmaavat - review
 my bad, again!
 glorification of everything rajput, including self-immolation.
 powerless and inane
 the hype was a fool
 ranvir's act was superb!
 boring as hell
 all style and absolutely no substance, felt more like cinematic propaganda then entertainment.
 a nakshatra jewellery advertisement
 typical bollywood movie
 not a 3d and imax kind of movie
 high hopes and a deep fall - weak story, cinematography not at its highest and problems with the cast
 "padmavaat: picturesque quality but forced prejudice transforms it into bitter almonds."
 are we glorifying sati in 21st century?
 disastrous acting
 problematic movie with beautiful cinematography
 movie much hyped but, failed on entertainment...
 overly hyped
 waste of time
 pointless bragging, make-up, slow motion staring = story
 unimpressive movie in spite of historical theme, many incompatible songs and dance
 a movie that aimed to be a classic, but ends up forgettable!
 poor story. poor execution. very little thought and effort given.
 a soul-less poem in beautiful penmanship.
