 brilliantly directed crap
 no spoilers !! movie itself is spoiled
 some kind of joke?
 one of the worst movie of the decade!
 frozen food recooked
 not at all good
 only hardcore srk fan would rate it 10 else it won't even worth 0
 low hopes on movie | high hopes for a eurotrip
 sharukh should think beyond money now :)
 how to ruin: "when harry met sally"
 worst movie
 degradation of bollywood cinemas
 time waste
 hohoho. pathetic turkey.
 travelogue to promote tourism and nothing else.
 deserve for worst movie award, extremely boring and intolerable
 disgusting cinema!!
 garbage. waste. useless.
 one of the worst movies i have ever seen
 same old cliché movie
 next to awful...next to worst..!
 disappointment
 waste of time and money
 disappointed,,,
 sucks do not watch
 a good director and a bunch of good actors made a totally soulless movie.
 boy meets girl.girl lost her ring(which is actually a metaphor for your inner self). and a cliché bollywood ending !!
 review from a sharukh khan fan :-(
 a complete waste of money and time
 i had to create an imdb account just to leave this review and this movie is so bad, i just had to.
 i'm giving 2 just because of the songs (arijit)... otherwise a 0 would be more appropriate.
 nothing u want to see!
 waste of time and braindead movie
 utter crap at its best....shahrukh should take a break from acting..!!!
 the songs are good..
 anushka sharma as a gujarati girl.. no charm
 bollywood is completely full of crap
 pointless!!!
 "what you seek is not this film." ♦ grade d-
 why the hell harry met sejal
 unfortunately, too much effort for a disaster!
 worst movie i've ever seen srk play!!
 hats off to imtiaz ali for selling this script to srk
 another pointless love story
 boring .... not what's expected from a shahrukh khan film
 unending agony !
 harry met sejal really really really slow.....
 imtiaz ali has lost it
 don't even waste your time watching it on tv!!!!!!!!!
 i wanna know what the director was smoking while in europe filming this shitshow.
 waste of time and energy.
 jab harry met sejal does not click at all, soul is missing from the film
 frustrating
 a bad predictable story
 plot lost in europe
 what a disappointment
 absence of imtiaz ali flavor, a disappointment!
 imtiaz ali's worst!!
 half hearted, but full budgeted ...and a big let down!!!
 ali at his worst
 ~ from a die-hard srk fan ~
 below average, don't have high expectations
 average
 jhms is imtiaz's random musing.
