 the movie should've been named disgrace 3
 worse than expected
 race 3 is an insult to bollywood. avoid it any cost.
 why? just why?
 salman khan movie directed by remo d'souza: need to say more?
 save your time money and brain cells from exploding
 stupidity at its height
 a flop like roy! left during the interview !
 worst movie of the year
 slow, lame, boring, not even a typical salman khan movie.
 0 out of 10
 complete waste of money....
 disappointed
 i am sorry negative markings in not allowed
 probably the worst ever movie made in bollywood
 pure garbage
 below expectations. terrible
 this is not a sequel but a combined remake of race 1, 2 and hum saath saath hai
 saif ali khan was way better than salman
 not worth time spent...
 remo has spoiled a good franchise
 salman khan does it again!
 worse than the worst movie ever !
 bakwas film
 top 3 contender for worst movie ever!!!
 you don't just pay money to watch this movie. you pay your intellect, time, logic, brain cells and again more money to pay for pills to kill your headache.
 would skip this one
 illogical action,worst songs,worst dialogues why they made this movie??
 miserable movie. forgettable.
 every thing illogical
 possibly the worst movie of salman khan
 a few random twists, cars flying can't make a good film.
 only 1 time watch movie, but not in late night show.
 horrible... don't waste your time and money
 salman khan should chose his movies carefully
 waste of time and money
 flop for salman khan
 big loss to the industry
 race 3 is out of race!!!
 worst bollywood movie of 2018
 don't waste time even if you get a free ticket
 its just like taking all brand of whiskey out there, mixing and serving it to the audience
 2 because i like jackie
 watch it when you have nothing else to do..
 bad acting, bad direction, waste of time!
 waste of time
 wrose movie
 race to foolishness
 the guide to how not to direct an action thriller film
 brainless logic
 as expected.
 perfectly average.
 bad movie !
 too much focus on style without any substance.
 save your money.
 the word "pathetic" finds a new meaning
 insult to the bollywood industry
 dishaaoooo movie
 below average
 the movie should've been named disgrace 3
 avoidable
 wasted time
 honest review
 what is is this
 race 3 movie review by #saltedpopcorn
 pathetic combo of prem ratan dhan payo(family drama) and race series(action)
 brainless! not a race film
 action.one time watch.
 its just as bad
 bad movie.
 black mark on race franchise
 worst acting
 not satisfied
 worth a watch for *salmanians*
 race 3- allah duhaai hain!!!
 not up to the mark.
 blockbuster
 i knew it already. this film is just bad.
 race 3- quite simply a headache inducing experience
 overall, the brand salman khan speaks for itself at the box office but race 3 doesn't really leave a mark in the film archives.
