 very boring
 indian air force is not misogynistic.
 too bad
 nice l concept & story waste by nepotism
 expressionless janhvi
 waste of good script and pankaj tripathi
 save your time by not watching expressionless movie
 horrible nepotism product
 pathetic acting and expression by janvi kapoor
 proud to give this movie 1 star
 flop movie, flop actress
 emotionless actiong
 pathetic acting by janhvi kapoor
 such a great real life story spoiled by useless star kids
 movie = story + acting
 worst movie ever
 dharma ka bad karma
 nepo kids movie. no acting. expressionless face.
 bad acting
 watch this for real gunjan saxena not for reel gunjan saxena!!!
 flop actor
 wastage of a nice story
 great story poor storytelling . expressionless jhanvi
 worst movie of all time
 wow! what obvious waste
 a bad actor on lead makes entire movie bad
 this film is rather an insult to gunjan ma'am for boosting the career of c grade nepokid. but over emotional brainless fools will fall in the trap again.
 massive dissapointment.
 why waste a good script on bad acting
 expressionless janhvi & talented pankaj sir
 sad depiction of the truth
 this movie is a fraud.
 shame - iaf officers portrayed in bad light
 watch uri again, avoid this....
 could have been good - a cringefest
 2 stars are just for pankaj tripathi
 injustice to the story
 how can one screw up this story?
 overrated story in the name of biopic.
 lazy direction
 lazy writing
 worse acting by janvi
 very poorly made
 save 2 hrs of your life.
 wrong portrayal of iaf
 same old bollywood biopic formula-falls and thrives in mediocrity
 typical
 jhanvi kapoor has the emotional range of a potato!
 worst thane ram gopal varma ki aag
 pathetic acting !!!
 neither a war movie nor inspirational
 a bad portrayal of a heroic person.
 this is a biased rating
 no story, repeated dialogues, bad taste!!
 wrong story in the name of right girl
 not a true story
 false
 waste of time, away from facts & reality.
 a movie worth missing
 good story poor acting
 good story but jhanvi did not suit the role
 storyline was good but boring
 wastage of good storyline with great message.
 this film shows why nepotism is ruining bollywood
 movies showed the wrong vision of indian air force for women
 disappointing throughout
 justice not done with lead role
 jhanvi kapoor destroyed the whole experience
 pathetic acting by jhanvi kapoor
 waste of 1:52 mins
 +3 for supporting leads -7 for jahnvi kapoor spoiling this film
 ok but becomes obnoxious at times
 nice movie but bad casting
 jhanvi's acting and over the top creative liberty spoilt the movie
 dont waste your time
 iaf is extremely professional not this film shows.
 don't buy a new netflix subscription for this one!!
 failed
 with such good story delivery should have been much better
 ok ok dull and may be misleading movie
 the 4 stars given belong to pankaj sir
 weak acting.
 i watched it hoping it is a movie on a beloved war-hero, turns out is was more about pankaj tripathi essaying the role of the father of the war hero.
 4 star for other actors....
 good attempt but terrible acting
 what a shame for such a waste!
 was a good storyline but jhanvi ruined it
 superb
 avg performance by lead, this inspiring story needed better treatment
 story is good but weak acting
 watch only for pankaj tripathi
 good movie wasted by bad actors
 no expression
 a good content wasted with wrong cast in the lead
 injustice to a great theme
 misplaced importance
 4 for the supporting actors only
 good story, not treated upto mark,lacks reality quotient
 a biopic completely ruined.
 disaster sortie !!
