 nikal li jaan !!
 not suitable for anybody with a three digit iq
 the most stupidest and illogical movie ever.
 horrible, obnoxious, quite possibly one of the worst films of the year !!
 why do people lie ?, well...
 movie review: how jab tak hai jaan gets romance wrong
 jab tak jai jaan math dek 'jab tak jai jaan'
 what the fish?
 most boring love story of 2012
 ****this review contain spoiler**** (king of romance)
 one of the most dumbest love story of modern times... *awful*
 waste of time!!
 the death of "raj"
 lousy film
 waste of money
 what the f...(as said in jthj)...it's himmatwalla 2!
 awful
 disappointing
 solid piece of crap!!
 cannot believe the same director made trishul, deewar, silsila
 really?? its a movie??
 average movie - extraordinary hype
 one of the most dumbest love story of modern times... *awful*
 exceptional music, screenplay, direction but weak script. big unfortunate!
 jab tak hai jaan is a very boring movie.
 again another dumb musical for asians
 unexpected
 meandering tale of love...
 most boring. this movie is a disaster
 total waste of time & money
 couldn't even sit through the entire film. shallow stupidity all the way.
 plagiarism . watch hurt locker
 not cool at all, very weak script
 indian cinema....seriously?
 dud.
 beware of this movie!
 no on screen chemistry between srk&katrina
 waste of time
 very poor
 boring, predictable, lacking chemistry
 nope didn't like it... cause....
 unfortunately not good
 very very lengthy movie ...outdated romance !!!
 in one word : its stupid
 go with pain killer
 overly dramatic and unrealistic plot
 ridiculous story. only dumb people would enjoy it.
 my faith in imdb has been shaken
 jab tak hain jaan,,,,,don't watch this movie!
 same old wine..not even a new bottle
 please don't take such a senseless film jab tak hai jaan, jab tak hai jaan
 utterly exhausting, a complete letdown
 it is positive approach dictation term is violence over estimate in reconfirm over address in letter over interest in via dictation term off value over dictation term in reo.
 one word disappointed
 classic example of a "bollywood" movie
 a waste of 3 hours
 this movie is full of clichés
 not so good: contains spoilers
 disagree, too bad yash last movie is a piece of crap
 stupid movie
 jab tak hai jaan.... a big disappointment
 outdated and boring.
 you can easily ignore this .......
 where's the love?!
 weak script, redundant dialoguesyash chopra's last was a very average yrf product. jab tak hain jaan - a film review
 the poorest amongst all of yash chopra's film
 best emotional special effects
 tired, old love story from the chopras..
 this movie had so many stupid parts
 a disappointment..
 an enjoyable romantic entertainment
 jab tak hai jaan – a review 2 years too late
 spare us please
