 masala,masala everywhere !
 insult to isro
 business in the name of patriotism
 pathetic portrayal of a great achievement :(
 rip bollywood
 sorry to isro
 miss in mangal
 comedy and drama in the name mars mission.
 it's a nationalism trap..
 subtle pseudo secularism
 matlb desh bhakti me kuch bhi dikha do gye
 total insult to mars mission
 worst movie- only for bhangians(akkians)
 least amount of science
 the worst movie of all time
 completely nuts.
 worst portray of our space scientists
 worst and most boring movie after padman!
 don't use your brain! bogus story!
 hindi drama..
 akshay kumar was the weakest link
 can be made far better
 propaganda movie for bjp by akshay kumar
 not good
 lots of unwanted masala
 better watch mangalayan documentaries on youtube
 its not a science fiction film, it was just another bollywood stuff
 ruining a real event into drama and comedy using nationalism emotions. charlie chaplin syndrome! . also check "spacemoms" it's the script which is taken in this movie:wiki"
 patriotic plot for safer side _akshay kumar's philosophy
 disappointment.. better watch mars mission on nat geo .
 joker 2!! very bad experience.
 messes it with forced humour and unnecesary scenes, which have no relevance.
 except the last 10 mins nothing in the movie
 waste of time and money
 pathetic direction, too much stupidity, bad scripting.
 just a normal movie
 bollywood and indian litrature is dying.
 waste my time
 less science, more secularism
 mission unsuccessful!!!
 disgusting and hinduphobic
 wrong portrayal of isro
 masala orbiter mission
 poor plot
 garbage
 sneaking in another bout of hinduphobia
 overacting
 a mars reaching stupidity
 agenda of bollywood
 i have never felt more insulted by misrepresentation... than this movie
 parody movie!
 capsule review: mission mangal (3 stars)
 too much drama to handle, filled with irritating scenes on the name of emotions and comedy.
 waste of time
 nonsense
 why you do this
 this film has two agendas, how superior indian minds are and validation of six years' performance of india under modi
 wasted opportunity
 an absolute joke.
 mission bollywood drag
 the topic was so good. the execution was laughably bad.
 an embarrassment on a great achievement made by india
 disgusted
 why so funny always akshay kumar.
 blaut on isro, this movie compare isro with joke
 what the h*ll was this???
 nothing but masala
 watch it on fast forward
 how can such a serious motivational story be made like a caricature
 unnecessay, stupid melodrama in a film on space science!
 you're better off not watching this movie
 "mission mass"
 a documentary aiming for cinematic glory
 lots of useless drama.
 great concept, ruined by typical bollywood drama
 they know how to make a fun movie.
 mangalyaan will make you feel proud of isro but certainly not mission mangal
 this was okay
 too much drama
 pile of forced psuedo secularist scenes + psuedo feminism = butchering of original isro story
 minority appeasement
 it has every element of a star plus serial
 a complete waste!
 are you serious!
 have some respect for the scientist
 good watch..still disappointed..
 real life inspiring story with too much bollywood masala
