 spectacular and overlong indian musical film
 a nice film, but...
 frankly, i was disappointed
 cartoonish; lacks magic
 can a movie about cricket, 15 minutes short of four hours, be entertaining?
 strong in some departments, weak in too many others
 actually original in its own way
 pretty epic movie overstretched way too far.
 video goodness
 one billion aamir khan fans can be wrong
 "boo" for bollywood, really?
 i won't recommend it to my friends
 very good
 i was suitably entertained
 superb movie
 "nobody understands cricket - you gotta know what a crumpet is to understand cricket!"- raphael, ninja turtle
 yes, i am from india, but this is just a average movie
 not oscar material
 great but just a bit too long
 a great movie
 truly amazing film; but could've been made at any time.
 another hope for hindi cinema
 fine compelling movie
 a great story done in a successful manner for a sports thriller
 otherwise a good flick
 good movie but way to long.
 movie review profits
 plutôt bon
 win the game win the lagaan...
 "lagaan" is an enormously entertaining movie
 over the top, but definitely worth seeing
 as a sports movie, "lagaan" is dramatized with great élan and suspense
 the theatre cheered
 it deserved the 2001 academy award!!
 true anti-colonial escapism
 it was totally an uplifting and an inspiring film...
 take me out to the cricket match
 bollywood at it's best
 my first look at something from baliwood...
 if you have never seen an indian movie, make this the first one
 bollywood delight
 lasts longer than the zimbabwean batting line up
 strange beauty
 slow, but enjoyable, like a game of cricket
 walt disney in flesh and blood
 what this means for
 didn't feel time passing despite it being a 3h 45min film
 charming!
 epic
 don't listen to critics!
 the indian film which brought bollywood on international platform
 awesome movie
 adopts the same ridiculous europocentric formulae!
 "...only those who dream can make them come true."
 history, culture and sports - and indian "rocky"
 awesome
 just one word: wow!
 a must see for all indian cricket fans!
 the play goes on
 excellent movie on a lot of levels
 once upon a nearly perfect movie.
 a story of the people over coming oppression through cricket and love lost, found, and repressed.
 magnificent in every respect (but a shame about the elephant)
 once upon a time in india...
 the best cricket movie ever made
 a traditional values film from an unusual source
 not "bicycle thief," but...
 my review: the bravest bollywood effort of the new millennium!!
 almost perfect
 entertainment at its very best! a must see!
 long and predictable, but a hell of a lot of fun
 a hoot, but very affecting, too
 far more entertaining than "moulin rouge"!
 it should bag the oscars!!!
 very entertaining; great sports movie and amazing songs.
 one of the best musicals from india
 you'll stick to your chair untill last ounce of thrill and surprise is there..
 all-time favourite
 i liked it a lot (i'm giving it an 8) but...
 once upon a dream in india...
 definitely not your typical indian film
 boy, was i surprised!
 only indian film in channel 4's 50 films to see before you die. no 55 in empire magazines 100 best films of world cinema. time magazine's the all-time 25 best sports movies
 a magnificent and overwhelming fairytale – an oscar deserving
 great art movie !
 just saw it for the nth time (n > 25)
 bollywood operatic epic : a must watch for movie lovers
 once upon a time in india!
 a game of honour, a game of the lifetime
 i loved this movie!
 thanks for accepting us as we are....
 what time are you going to be
 once upon a time in india ....
 one of the best hindi movies i have ever seen!
 now this is what we call a movie
 a nutshell review: lagaan
 wow!
 lagaan is untouchable
 one of the best foreign films you'll ever see
 a refreshing lesson in cinema (dad)
 lagaaan and freedom struggle
 10th anniversary of lagaan
 two passions of indians combined in one, namely movies and cricket
 i'm from the mid-western usa and i loved this film.
 incredible! a 'must-see'. from spirituality to sports, this gem has it!
