 swades
 go light your bulb, reviewers!
 this movie is present the real part of life .
 an epic indian film... very epic
 a movie you will remember for many years.
 nasa manager learns to love the beauty and diversity of india and preaches equality
 a great movie about nationalism
 in two minds
 must be indian to appreciate it
 see it! mainstream cinema with a conscience....arjun bali
 movie review profits
 could have worked better as a two hour disney movie.
 good movie...but.....
 swaydes to gowariker!
 this is the real deal!
 one of shah rukh's best
 journey from space shuttle to a boat
 the eternal dilemma of an 'nri' whether to continue with the good life in the us or come back to his land.
 we, the people
 nice movie
 the best film of 2004!!!
 great bollywood film worth a watch.
 "not a word son, these are all matters of destiny."
 best of $rk
 a message ....
 a movie that deals with real problems
 swades - the indian reality
 ahead of his time.
 an exemplary tribute to grassroot realism with excellent srk.
 review - swades: we, the people
 swades: the two dimensions
 closer to reality and your heart
 a masterpiece :)
 amazing khan
 silverrating
 shahrukh made it look real
 must watch for all indians
 watch out for gayatri joshi
 sincere effort with flashes of brilliance
 well done but..
 a better bollywood
 an individual can make a difference and have fun in the process
 a very rich movie!
 uprising
 its finding about leadership, kindness and facing the reality on face .
 a rare master-piece
 bulls eye!
 one of indian cinema's finest moments!
 swades: the heart is at the right place here !
 sway with swades
 this movie should be shown to nri's especially
 something original
 a beautiful and soulful experience
 great stuff
 a must watch! don't expect this to be a srk movie!
 "to succeed - do the best you can, where you are, with what you have"
 a honest movie about the grim reality.....
 pathbreaking, fills a void, makes you think.
 a must watch movie....
 dysfunction of culture and religion
 a glimpse of true rural india.
 swades
 take a bow, ashotosh, shahrukh and arr
 nothing short of a standing ovation ! a marvellous indian cinematic experience ...
 an excellent movie with an excellent backdrop
 coming of age
 one of the best films of the year.
 realization
 one of the greatest masterpieces of the last two decades of hindi cinema..
 srks best ever performance
 9 years after release still enjoying every bit of the movie
 govarikar scores a perfect 10
 an extroardinary touching movie for every human being
 one of the timeless classics
 absolute magic!!!!!!
 a movie for complete human emotions!
 great
 its all about loving your country !!
 in one word its - "excellent"................
 the indian metamorphosis
 ashutosh gowariker's creation at it best.
 best of srk, one of the best from bollywood
 beautiful execution, well through out movie
 recommend this!
 swades should be seen by every indian american
 great movie! preachiness is sometimes needed
 wonderful & thought provoking!
