 a new shahrukh khan
 right place right time around i-day
 chak de india
 srk + girl power
 inspiring, empowering & liberating...
 extremely formulaic but also quite enjoyable.
 this is the blueprint for indian sports movies.
 "it is not strength, but spirit that makes the team."
 chak de india (go! india go!
 i heart hockeybees
 chak de india
 not 'miracle'ous
 great move and should be a great motivator
 good movie
 good story,decent presentation comes with a feel good factor
 bollywood's first of its kind.......perfection personified
 a full cup, a nice surprise from srk & yrf
 well done shahrukh!!!!!!!
 very enjoyable movie with an excellent ensemble cast
 simple life, simple times
 one the best sports movie made in india
 fictional sports movie. shahrukh khan volunteers to coach the scornfully regarded india women team for the world cup.
 predictable sports film splashed with great energy and a sense of fun
 mindblowing
 b4 player comes the team & b4 team comes the country!
 blown out of proportion
 a great watch
 chuck de india!
 what happened to you srk
 sports drama
 chak de india-2007
 best film of 2007
 chak de india!
 good underdog sports film by bollywood standards
 discrimination
 predictable yet great
 i can count 11 topics that were addressed in this movie!!!
 a superior sports film, brilliantly led by mr. khan
 srk at his best....!!
 treat for both shahrukh khan fans and movie lovers.(spoilers ahead)
 subtle, yet powerful. a must watch!
 reviving the glory and pride of national game and women---excellent
 chak de chak de, ek hockey doongi main rakh ke!
 ab tak 2
 nice to see bollywood grow up with age
 definitely worth watching....
 a highly spirited thrilling ride.
 there's only room for one bully on this team! and that bully is me.
 chuck de india is a sports film based on real life incidence.
 winner all the way!!
 excellent
 chak de india!
 refreshing
 finally a good sports movie
 the second best bollywood movie of 2007 after "taare zameen par", and the best bollywood sports movie ever.
 a rare combination of inspiration, patriotism, sport and bollywood movies
 a surprisingly effective sports flick
 masterpiece.. chak de.. india!!!
 amazing
 my views on chak de india
 lots of goosebumps, adrenaline rush and hot segarika ghatge
 saw this movie in a premier- well worth the watch
 best of 2007!
 chak de india is a masterpiece! srk rules!
 never expected such a movie from indian film industry, and such a response from indian audience
 film giving goosebumps every moment.
 united they stood
 overall an entertaining film. great direction.
 awesome!
 slick editing ,great professionalism and u don't need to be an srk fan to watch the movie
 excellent!!
 awesome sports movie, even if you know nothing about hockey
 chak de india! wins matches..
 chak de everybody!
 chak de sharukh!!!!!!!!!!!
 masterpiece !
 srk proving why he's one of the best actors in the indian film industry.
 patriotism has no religion.
 chakde india is the message, and is wat it does!!
 take a bow.
 chak de india...rocks!!!!
 chak de....my heart says yes go on!
 awesome movie i've ever seen!
 chak de india is india's first full fledged sports movie !
