 krusty presents: the cheesy and schmaltzy show.
 d - highly overrated. final answer. where's my check?
 a piece of cinematic feces.
 extremely disjointed
 will someone say "emperor has no clothes!" please?
 cliché
 shame on you oscars
 bad movie
 "slumdog millionaire" is awfulawfulawful
 burden of a white man's false vision about india.
 offensive, depressing movie
 the movie plays to indian stereotypes
 sir richard attenborough, a british man made a good film in 1982
 false feel good film with weak premise
 poverty-porn sells good
 scumdog exploitaires
 terrbily over-hyped , here's the reason : good in parts, pathetic in others -
 why does everyone think this film is amazing???
 this film may be the single gravest insult to the intelligence of the audience ever suffered at the movies
 after this film there is only "punch and judy" for danny boyle. he is not fit to be a director
 uplifting but simplistic
 danny boyle has insulted the noble art of film making by making a piece of non sense
 i have to disagree.
 academy awards're such a waste!!!!!
 save the intellectual cinema !!
 rubbish and clichéd
 over-hyped and clichéd
 very disappointing
 somewhere danny boyle must be rolling in disbelief at how his laughable effort has been taken seriously!
 not worth the hype or awards
 beware - torture and child abuse.
 a very ordinary movie or may be even less than ordinary...
 terrible, don't see this film, you have better things to do with your time.
 wow!!! what a waste of 2 hours of my life i will never get back!
 shallow, formula and the regis guy couldn't pronounce millionaire"
 great images, contrived, asinine plot - "exploitation" film?
 bah humbug
 definitely overrated
 beautiful made but a script a teenager could make.
 overrated and badly directed, cheese script
 not worth your time, highly overrated
 slumdog millionaire
 depressing, misleading, not a "feel good" movie
 underrated
 kinda boring .
 overrated and meaningless
 horrific scenes be warned, not a feel good movie!
 horrid, racist movie
 who am i to say anything...
 only good if you don't think about it.
 oscar waste...again
 overrated garbage
 an uneducated orphan makes it to a popular game show and manages to answer all the questions.
 nothing more then a masala bollywood movie
 made for a western audience
 disgusting and insulting money-making crap
 not what i expected
 exploitative and manipulative film
 disappointing
 and the moral of the story is...
 spoon-fed millionaire
 western mediocrity with a taste of india
 gumdog godzillianaire
 disappointing and morally offensive
 annoying... unashamedly overrated!
 lightweight and corny
 having your cake and eating it too
 meh
 surprising for sm to be at #32 on the imdb top list
 what a terrible film.
 a simple-minded fantasy
 salaam bombay remake
 unrealistic & over-rated
 the sickness
 i will never believe the hype again...
 this movie was nothing but a cliché. it was terrible.
 the feel-bad movie of the year
 a great production value but insensible story telling
 nothing special
 terribly contrived
 this movie is a necessary fake!!
 bollywood/ hollywood weak morph.
 dishonest and shallow love-story with lots of style and sentiments
 a film unworthy of the hype
 what????? !!!!!!! is this the best hollywood can produce??????
 not suitable for 8 oscars......
 oh! poor danny, not again...
 a counterfeit feel-good movie
 bad,slow, tedious and very stereotyped
 great story yes, but bad cinematography
 wish i had more room on this site to list all of the plot holes in this movie
 a rare story that could have become a classic..alas!
 review of slumdog millionaire: a case of 'the emperor's clothes'
 sounds good "on paper", but executed implausibly and sloppily, with extra cheese
 good movie - too much publicity ....
 unrealistist, oscar unworthy and boring
 very good film... but...
