 naive & incredulous - perfect bore - don't bother watching it
 awful movie lots of hype
 predictable, boring and a sobfest
 my name is khan and i am not a terrorist.......a bore, yes may be.
 one of the worsts of entire life
 his name is khan and he has nothing to say!
 don't waste money
 national time waste(guess its international too)
 mnik - just one time for srk kajol
 seriously , without all this hype , no one would have seen this movie
 excruciatingly bad!
 absolutely ridiculous
 way too scattered
 sharuh khan tries to be hollywood, fails miserably
 god!! a 7 rating in imdb!!
 good grief..
 horrible experience (sorry to srk fans).
 an ordinary man in an ordinary journey to waste everybody's time
 khan rocks read on...
 my name is khan and hate me for wasting your time!
 worst movie
 what the fudge ?????
 my name is khaldoun and i'm not a terrorist.... still movie fails
 my name is idiot khan...and i will do anything for an award
 what the hell was the director thinking!!!
 much ado about absolutely nothing
 the director has ruined the film
 a colossal disappointment
 shahrukhs worst: cringeworthy 911 'drama"
 melodramatic,mediocre,long,boring
 not worth 4 or 5 stars
 sharukh khan the worst bollywood actor
 rain man meets i am sam meets forrest gump
 bollywood poor copycats!..a none constructive work
 written with good intent but directed for friendship.
 its not a masterpiece...!!!
 good issue done in mediocre bollywood way
 enough already...
 very disappointing
 what an unfortunate miss
 a movie that gets worse as it goes on
 my name is shahrukh khan and i'm a fool for doing this inaccurate, unrealistic propaganda movie
 my name is gone
 a real review from every angle...!!!
 a remake of "forrest gump", only not as good.
 made with the best of intentions, but the film is as varied and uncontrolled as it is cosmopolitan and unbalanced; resulting in a less than interesting effort.
 badly researched and over the top
 uninspiring
 a movie worth missing
 overacting and overhyped bollywood typical
 should have quit after the first hour
 could have been a great movie but became a political platform for barack obama and his ilk
 good as 2.5 hr bollywood drama, bad as real life drama.
