 rab ne bana de jodi - scripted to perfection
 rab ne bana di jodi
 entertaining but...
 a decent movie with wholesome entertainment
 its worth a watch
 a one-watch srk flick.
 'raj' yet again from yrf
 rab ne bana di jodi
 facial hair/hairstyle did the trick
 another love story
 rab ne banayi boring jodi!
 a nice movie with a wonderful acting debut!!
 not bad at all!
 not that bad..
 mediocre film yet again from the yash raj banner
 an age old formulae
 when base is hollow, the building cant stand much
 so what if she didn't recognise him?
 shah rukh comes to the chopra's rescue again
 inspite of all the negative points, rab ne is a sweet romantic movie
 a delicious over-cooked indian dinner.
 an overcooked cuisine
 the film is very good but the writing was not especially inspired.
 beautiful movie ..
 magnanimousness but lacks diplomacy....!!!!!!!!
 a simple love story!
 not better than ddlj and mohabbatein
 utterly charming fare!
 blah, too long, too long and too long.
 fun
 sharukh acts terrific.
 once again srk proves its all about him!!!!!!
 tujh mein rab dikhta hai- yaara main kya karu!!!!!
 its a good movie
 rab ne is a lot of fun...don't miss this one
 very entertaining and interesting throughout
 who says rab ne is boring!!!!go watch it!!!!!
 srk has done it again!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 rab-ji ne jama di jodi!
 an extraordinary love story
 realistic, charming, entertaining, and honest
 delightful tale on love...
 movie leaves impression like ddlj and veer- zaara
 adi ne bana di jodi
 rab ne bana di jodi - an intense emotional drama
 good show
 highly entertaining - good performance from srk.
 coming back to direction, aditya chopra has done a fair job
 only one serious hole in the logic kinda spoiled it a bit
 awesome!
 the carlie brown of bollywood
 still my favorite bollywood film so far...
 celebrates unselfish love
 wes anderson probably gets his colorful inspiration from hindi movies like these
 nothing special.. yet extraordinary !
 rab ne bana di jodi --review
 hadippa...three cheers!!!
 very good movie indeed,worthy of watching
 love rulez !!!
 everything above the ordinary about this movie
 it was about time...
 how extra-ordinary an ordinary story could be !
 a masterpiece
 feel it...you will love it.
 a new bride, her shy husband, and his outrageous alter-ego.
 commentary
 a simple but thought provoking love story.
 i am in love with this movie.
 excellent film
 beautiful movie..
 inner goodness is more important than outer look of a person.
 indeed a wonderful jodi
 not typical, but treat to watch
 aditya ne banadi wonderful film
 just go watch it!!!
 made in heaven
 rab ne bana di jodi is extraordinary!!
 a movie made from rab!
 brilliant!!!
 beautiful film.excellent work.
 goo.....light up your lives....
 a breathtaking indian movie
 it's a pretty good movie
 the great awesome movie of bollywood
 this film is a beautiful romantic movie with shahrukh khan in the lead. this film is all set to mesmerize the audiences.
 a very, very good movie
 rab ne bana di jodi = aditya & srk !
 brings a smile to your faces , go watch it with your family!
 excellent movie which kept my tears rolling all the way.
 touching one which delivers a story to be remembered forever
 a nutshell review: rab ne bana di jodi
 couple made in heaven - excellent! worth watching.
 masterpiece
 my all time fav movie... dani partnerrrrrr
 sharukh khan's makeover is just fine
 super good and super fantastic
 simply fabulous.....
