 bad movie
 this year did indeed end with a dhoom
 such a foolishness was not expected from amir khan
 rubbish
 a bad copy-paste ofprestige
 awful movie
 dhoom 2 was much much better than this !!!!
 dhoom 2; dhoom dhoom once again dhoom 3: dhoom dhoom not again
 waste of time
 too much hype with no real entertainment.
 greatest debacle of all time in terms of story line
 dhoom 3 is copy of the prestige 2006
 baap ka badla lene chale judwa
 an overlong, convoluted, multi starrer mess with lack of script and cohesion
 another mind eating film of yrf
 hyped and d(h)oomed!!...
 what is this? bakwas, it's lacks of imagination.
 sadly a huge disappointment......... :-(
 dhoom 3 waste of time
 unfortunately viewers aren't dumb.
 big disaster
 you were kidding me, right ?
 over-hyped,grossly under-delivered
 not an original story. do they think audience is dumb?
 copied from many movies specially prestige 2006
 main concept copied from christopher nolan's 'the prestige' :/ (warning : spoilers ahead)
 a few things of the infinite things wrong with this movie
 degradation of dhoom series continues
 this is doom not dhoom
 waste of time and money
 it's doom 3
 title can be changed to baap ka badla instead of dhoom3
 cheap, boring piece of crap....
 expensive production of mind-numbing tripe
 this is dhoom has no excitement!!!
 worst is the dhoom 3 year of the movie
 dhoom 3=pathetic, its like tv series of cid where acp pradyuman along with daya, hammers your brain time and again and still carries on for 15 years...
 waste of time...
 weak story, direction and dragging
 thrice the disappointment
 mediocre film making at its worst
 disappointed
 movie is not as the dhoom series
 simply awful
 its a big bullsh!t "blockbuster"
 pointless fodder for the dumb brains
 i'm sorry, i really wanted to like this, but...
 doom machale..
 dhoom3 - the worst part of dhoom & worst movie in 2013 & worst movie as a action thriller
 silly embarrassing movie
 most expected movie of the year is out....
 wait!! was this really a aamir khan movie??
 too many cooks, spoils the broth. a total let down,
 one aamir was unbearable.
 pathetic, rubbish and awful cinema ...save your 3 hours of life
 avoid!!
 ridonkulous dhoom 3
 worst another shame on indian action cinema.
 bad bad and bad
 watch for aamir khan only
 expect the least unexpected
 chick tried to save the movie
 that's not how you want to celebrate christmas.
 so i slept in the cinema!
 a disappointment to dhoom series
 this year will end with dhoom
 expectation 100; reality ~ 0 (almost)
 i am sorry for aamir khan fans! hopefully dhoom 3 does not doom his career...
 no style,no glamour,no thrill
 amazingly ridiculous film with huge fan following
 not good, not so-bad-it's-good, a plain excruciating watch for an obnoxious rip-off
 indian movies industry is going in gutter
 utterly disappointed
 big boring yawn! r.i.p logic
 we all friends family feeling shame on our bollywood in usa.
 rip logic !!
 bikes, banks and boredom !!
 weak sequel with cartoonish stunts
 bad one of all dhoom films
 only aamir!!
 poor script
 sub-standard direction + aamir best as usual + can wait for cd
 they dumpiest movie i've ever seen...
 does not live up to the hype. a huge letdown.
 do not believe the hype
 a bit inspired but badly executed
 main twist (twin aamir khan) and the greater portion of circus is directly copy from the movie the prestige.
 "dhoom 3 - aamir khan show"
 they could catch osama, but not a common thief!
 what in the world!
 molestation of logic and pathetic execution
 'dhoom 3' tries hard to make itself distinguished, but fails as the best of the series
 dhoom 3: waste of time & money
 one of the worst movies ever
 dhoom 3 was a good try for a good thriller but of course it fails as always.
 do not watch this movie
 doesn't really make sense
 circus mayhem with lack of magic
 somehow, the movie is watchable after interval...
