 its about a deaf and dumb happy go lucky guy and his love
 most overrated movie of the year
 barfi, sweet, but in parts.
 as sweet as barfi (an indian sweet)
 a movie with a lot of heart
 sorry, for me its more a priyanka's masterpiece than a ranbir's triumph.
 pure , honest and innocent. watch it for ranbir and priyanka...
 mixture of all the feelings.
 good movie but not original
 be barfi!!
 a beautiful moving painting. a must watch romantic comedy.
 delightful, but could be more concise
 why barfi! wont win an oscar (spoiler alert)
 an ordinary story with extraordinary performances.......
 sweet and enjoyable
 the life and times of murphy a.k.a barfi.
 cinematography is the clear winner in barfi.
 barfi! is golden
 sweeter then the title
 an innocent tale of love
 thoroughly enjoyable fable, light & bubbly...
 crying and laughing at the same time!
 when the character is central, and not the hero
 movie is very good but ..........
 a rare film to watch
 an unconventional bollywood film!!
 it's warm, it's charming, it leaves you with a good feel...
 one sweet treat
 love... unspoken, unlistened... just felt...
 barfi! is a good try but not at all a masterpiece
 barfi - a delightful film.
 longer than expected but eternally beautiful
 refreshing emotions
 barfi is one of those movies which everyone should watch atleast once !
 good ol' classical humor
 a love story about a very unusual couple, yet their uniqueness makes their love sparkle
 delightful movie making!
 copy then what.?...i have not seen hollywood
 my review: sweetness of life!!
 "barfi!" review
 watch it now
 warm gooey fudge!
 be happy.....be in love.....be barfi!
 barfi is rare to come by
 barfi – effect and after effects
 a perfect example of art that can forever stay in your heart
 barfi : a visual poetry
 barfi: splendid blend of ingredients, superlative taste!
 the next time i eat a barfi, it will definitely taste sweeter than ever.
 a barfi which will definitely give you sweet-mushy feeling and will melt with full aroma as soon as (if) it enters your heart!
 satiating barfi !!!!!!
 sweetly enjoyable
 great love story after a long time
 life is beautiful and barfi teaches us that
 dark subject made to glow with brilliant direction and acting.
 amazing movie
 a delightful movie after quite sometime!
 beautiful movie
 barfi! is magical!!!
 surely a musstt watch...!!
 a love triangle with lots of smileys, hearts and the specially-able people involved
 cute film
 masterpiece comedy
 the movie is as sweet as a barfi..
 simply mesmerizing!!!
 " a melodrama which will make u wonder"
 a brilliant movie on simplicity
 barfi - the new face of indian cinema
 sublime experience in indian cinema !
 desi chaplin... barfi!
 barfi ! - an inch from masterpiece!
 sweet, romantic and brilliantly funny.
 masterful!
 intoxicating, brilliant, inspirational, and multi-layered- what films are meant to be
 a movie of cinematic excellence
 barfi is a movie that everyone can enjoy from beginning to end.
 beautiful!!
 love - unconditional, true and abstract
 a nutshell review: barfi!
 india's entry for oscars is here....
 must watch
 excellent movie. would watch it again and again
 sweet as the name "barfi"
 barfi..a class apart!!
 you will not know when movie started and will not want it to end
 excellent (mostly)
 a must watch!!
 "barfi!" speaks directly into our hearts
 i remembered my childhood days.
 masterpeice
 highly recommended 👍
 true love defined here
 speechless
 it's warm hug to all cinema lovers.
