 fun-rolled masala entertainer
 chennai express : ready steady po!
 chennai express is the story of rahul and meena, who meet on a train, and how the journey affects their lives.
 just about average.......maybe a bit above average, maybe.
 no light at the end of the tunnel for this express..
 it is a fun ride with few glitches but sharukh khan makes sure you are entertained for 141 mins
 south indian style
 humorous emotional drama
 good one time ride
 my first bollywood experience.
 srk hams it as usual while deepika rocks !!
 chennai express (2013)..... average story but still entertaining.....
 masala entertainer
 chennai express - the comical travelling
 occasionally funny; great scenery.
 the curse of second half works here too but it still can be seen once for a new deepika & shahrukh for sure.
 silly fun that thankfully doesn't take itself seriously
 commercial express romance with a tamil flavor ....
 this journey will make you smile through out
 entertainment has no language........typical rohit shetty film
 the most successful in bollywood...for a reason!
 a love letter to srk fans and then some. fun and engaging in every way.
 honest review
 a complete entertainment package in "shetty" style
 ready steady poo clicks big time in oppa chennai istyle !!
 don't listen to the critics!
 chennai express; was it worth it?
 my review: the fun express!!
 irreverent, uninventive and unassuming, chennai express wholeheartedly embraces its stereotypes
 a hilarious movie after a long time
 family entertainer...treat. watch it for shahrukh, deepika, rohit!!
 a joyride!
 shah rukh yells yella yella blockbuster
 deepika's show
 chennai express(don't underestimate the power of common man)
 completely entertaining journey
 good entertainer
 the audience i saw this with howled with laughter.
 full entertainment
 liked it , except.....
 "never underestimate the power of the common man"
 a colorful joyful ride
 chennai express - anything but mindless
 fun family film
 complete masala and family entertainer
 requires no logic...
 chennai express (u/a) hindi ------------ my rating : ★★★★ non stop family entertainer
 1 2 3 4 get on the dancefloor!
 a fully packed family entertainment....
 ddlj magic + shettyism = chennai express
 chennai express - the magic begins
 a super entertainer with not so super climax for me, but a must watch.
 give it a shot, don't miss this one!!!!
 good entertainment movie
 chennaiieeeeee!!!! get on the train baby!!!!
 its eid where is sallu? i guess srk will do :(
 get on the train baby!!!
 a man's father dies and he embarks on a journey to spread his ashes (and have a little fun), and he encounters a beautiful woman and things get a little messy.
 chennai express
 chennai express
 i recommend it
 "time killer" flick
 an outstanding movie
 chennai express- get ready for the journey!
 great, but could be better
 a love story , in high complexity
 i love this movie.
 just short of outstanding !
 an entertainer with a golden heart
 the express you don't wanna miss!
 the king is back with his blockbuster train
 a happy journey
 really nice movie with great fun factor ala bollywood!
 you want to laugh? presenting you chennai express
 fun for whole family
 definitely not a mindless low iq movie.
 fantastic movie!!! fun ride!!!don't miss this one
 its a nice watch especially because of deepika and fabulous locations
 awesome movie
 entertainment
 overall review/reaction to hindi film chenai express
 this was great!
 shake a leg, guys!
 chennai express
 such a cute movie
 chennai express abroad- pure fun
 awesome comedy
 chennai express, will be a well deserved entry in the 100 crore club!
 a good entertainer
 fantabulous & completely family entertainer, a winner
 blockbuster of the year
 best comedy movie of 2013 so far
 a complete entertainer
 a good rom-com movie. deepika is the "madhuri" of this generation!
 overall, this is a blockbuster
 you will enjoy the ride throughout.
 this is what srk is known for!
 ce=entertainment=outstanding !
 the best
 probably the best action comedy of the decade.........
 good entertaining film!!
 unexpectedly turns out to be a perfect entertainer.
 nice movie
 chennai express..... an awesome entertainer
 chennai express - a complete family entertainer! :d
 srk's funny romantic action love story in rohit shetty istyleee
 one of the best movies of 2013
 complete family entertainment
 wonderful movie
