 though not a good adaptation but still it is fresh and has a valuable lesson to teach, so do watch it!
 something deep in everybody's heart has been put in this movie!
 my two cents: omg! oh my god has its heart firmly in the right place
 film has got 'theory of god' wrong
 touching the complex issues in a lighthearted manner.... must watch for anyone who likes deep message with entertainment..
 funny, entertaining, well acted. superb movie
 superb
 well done mr. paresh rawal!!!
 omg - oh my god!... must watch for all ages.
 omg! oh my god --- must see
 a brilliant concept: not perfect but excellent!
 better than pk
 well intended!! plagiarism :)
 good god
 quite good
 omg oh my god(u)---------my rating: 4/5 divine hit
 a must watch for everyone
 delightful yet though provoking
 a daring attempt which should be lauded and appreciated for its wonderful message
 an strong belief, whether for or against anything especially regarding god is a religion belief in itself
 awesome movie ever
 omg
 one of the outstanding hindi movie of 2012
 one of the most remarkable and authentic indians films ~ one actually gets to see quite rarely!
 god must be saying, 'good job!'.
 love the god!! god is our friend and stays in humans not in stones!! superb subject
 an entertaining, well-intentioned & superbly acted film!
 what a wonderful movie
 a brave attempt!!
 masterpiece
 if god exists
 one of the best movies
 a fantastic film
 god is not a business
 god not a business
 oh my god - a superb message oriented satirical comedy film
 omg! watta movie! :)
 an explosive content handled masterfully
 a brilliant film. healthy message with healthy entertainment.
 an absolute delight
 wow movie.....!!!!
 one of the most eye opening movies of all time!
 thought-provoking! eye-opener! captivating!
 entertaining film with a deeper message
 amazing, rational, comic
 should watch once , you may or may not like it but the movie is a gem
 even god will say oh my god what a movie
 an intelligent comedy
 one of the most path breaking bollywood films ever!!!!
 the best movie so far
 oh my god
 a reformist and a revolutionist movie.
 best movie of the year
 muslims should watch this
 oh my god-2012 hindi-must watch movie
 a must watch for everybody.........!!!!! omg rocks ... !!!
 an honest take on life and religion
 get enlightened , get entertained
 amazing movie
 outstanding
 creating pleasant atmosphere in every aspect only matters.
 excellent movie on a very pertinent subject
 lets awake and break into the future..!
 movie that enables you to be a better man
 10 out of 10
 beautiful. just beautiful.
 only one sentence: every one who has any access to movies must not skip this one.
 for god's sake don't miss it!
 truth revealed about faith!
