 inconclusive ending. arghhhh!!!!
 if you like endings that end when they should still be going
 a beautifully made film let down by unrealistic relationships.
 an unusual friendship
 utilising realism to narrate modernisation
 for all you loners out there-some food for thought!
 sad on so many levels, but wait....
 the lunchbox (u) hindi ----------- my rating : ★★★ taste it once
 nice slow movie about loneliness in an hectic world...
 waiting for lunch break
 sweet simple delicious!!
 ok, but was left feeling cheated
 rarely an indian film without its trademark dancing-and-singing routines
 a film of surprising depth as well as gratifying.
 review: the lunchbox/ www.nightfilmreviews.com
 the lunchbox : life is a lunchbox of chocolates !
 the lunchbox
 a secret santa we could all do with...
 a winning, unique story
 good 7 quotidian life in india
 sweet and touching at times but nothing too memorable.
 lunch and letters
 captivating
 superb
 lunchbox is simple yet refreshing tale!
 blossoming of a lovely relationship beautifully presented on screen... could have been more impactful...
 good movie but not a choice for oscars
 simple story, elegantly told
 a delightful and thought-provoking love story!
 definitely not an oscar
 lunch does n't cook relationships
 good movie, poor ending
 salt of life
 an expressive, well performed film, smartly made on a borrowed theme.
 most sumptuous and delicious fare bollywood has offered in ages.
 subtle, simple and refreshingly fresh
 great story line, effortless performances, definitely worth a watch!
 must enjoy the spicy curry in the lunchbox
 a lunchbox to fill you craving for a good bollywood movie
 how to make a great movie with low-budget
 it will move you from the core
 tiffin-errific
 romance done right
 loved it
 don't go in with an empty stomach!
 delightful
 delicious!!
 a one in a million mistake !
 tender love story, but unsatisfactory ending
 delicious movie experience
 a must watch movie
 benchmark in bollywood
 lunchbox
 lovely and subtle
 'the lunchbox' is a delicate, charming drama showing the positive effects food can have on people
 a charming portrait of two lonely hearts who connect across a city of more than 20 million people!!!!!!!
 good one
 extraordinary story of ordinary lives!
 a movie to watch... must watch...
 mixes food and romance in a very appealing combination
 a surprisingly brilliant experience
 lonely people connect over misdelivered meals
 indeed an experience
 slow-paced character drama that is a treat to watch
 great movie,must watch
 indian take away that may leave you hungry for more
 a slice of life movie with a sprinkle of romance
 lunchbox-beautiful movie
 timeless
 another great performance by irrfan khan and nawazuddin siddiqui
 amazing
 "sometimes the wrong train will get you to the right station."
 an instant classic!!
 wrong train at right station
 finest movie to come out of india since 3 idiots
 wonderful movie
 an exceptional movie with lot of flavors in the box
 a gratifying 'lunch box' for cinematic appetite!
 usually we feel life rather than define it, and in the process experience some miracles and some life alike
 sometimes you watch a movie zero expectation and end up watching a right cinema.
 honest review
 the lunchbox and loneliness in a city
 delicious love story
 tightrope walk between heartwarming and heartbreaking
 u have to see it to believe it that such a product has been dished out of bollywood
 an intimate and wholesome meal which leaves you craving for a second helping...
 poetry
 bollywood meets french film
 its one of the finest films made in india
 love, longing & loneliness
 the lunchbox :: a balanced diet - masterstroke
 satiating the appetite of the soul
 a slowly cooked meal well worth the wait
 woah!!! it cannot get better than this!
 a bite out of the lives of two people who have never met in the bustling city of mumbai...
 more viewings to follow
 sometimes even the wrong train can take you to the right destination
 extraordinary....!!!!!!
 movie of the decade
 funny, sad and totally delicious from start to finish.
 sometimes a wrong train could reach you to the right destination
 tasty lunch in the box
 never lose hope
 the confluence of different emotions
 magical
 work it
 a movie with instrinsic message
