 is the movie really that good?
 high on expectations low on content
 ok,nothing special
 very very predictable
 over rated
 below expectations
 don't compare this movie with 3 idiots
 funny alien...
 excellent comedy, so-so drama
 innocent, sensitive but awful!
 just a mash up job
 frustrating hirani with impressive khan !!
 a complete film is about all the characters and not just the lead.
 a tragic plot given a less effective medium of comedy
 an unimaginative exercise by an imaginative director
 poor treatment and nothing new
 same concept with different formula!
 yeah let's make a movie with sci-fi stuff to screw religion. (with no sci-fi stuff at all because budget)
 autistic alien confused by indians' relationship to various gods
 not as awesome as hyped
 pretty disappointed
 same movie in different cover
 a 'bhest of time'
 this film is definitely not a wrong number!!! aamir lived the role of pk
 good but not enough
 aamir khan excels once again in a decent film
 don't go see this bollywood movie ("pk")
 an alien love triangle which gives religion a revision
 p.k. is ok!
 average
 love it
 drag too long
 dhoom 3 disaster compensated, far better than kick and hny
 great concept, poor acting
 flop movie dissastrous logics
 'pk' a hilarious and entertaining movie........
 honest, no bs review
 emotional and funny at the same time....!
 acting was exceptional but the movie is a little overrated
 disappointed with high expectations.. entertaining though
 satire presented in amusing manner but has a stretched second half!
 pk - if this were to be released before omg, would be outstanding!
 a great movie that talks about the society from a completely different point of view. only aamir khan could play this role as well as he has.. a must watch for all.
 story of a lost alien
 a great first half, fizzles in the middle and an underwhelming climax
 movie review profits
 the discussion of religion and the god stick is still very profound.
 pk teach us a good lesson
 an innocent comedy movie that not just makes you laugh your hearts out but makes you think as the movie proceeds. brilliant work done by rajkumar hirani and aamir khan.
 a great social comedy movie
 pk makes the important points in right manner
 wrong number, right film
 modest, enlightening, hilarious and entertaining
 right questions
 good movie but not as good as 3 idiots
 celebrate the end of the year with pk
 worth a watch
 another raju hirani classic!
 rajkumar hirani again rock after 5 years with pk
 pk. - bas theek hai
 meaningfully funny. sarcastic approach makes it funnier but content
 refreshing change in indian cinema, absolutely wonderful!
 p.k. was much needed
 a brave attempt with a very strong social message. ( 8/10 )
 wow !
 great movie.
 awesome
 slightly bordering fictional but makes one think practically
 pk travels his journey, and invites you to go on yours
 ak rocks as pk
 pk makes you to think, pk makes you laugh, pk makes you cry
 rib tickling message oriented movie
 crazy movie
 the best way to end this year- watch pk!!! ride of laughter and reality
 p.assed with first k.ilass
 wow - i was not expecting this.
 pk is a flawless movie.
 this movie should act as the benchmark for future movies.
 a delight! rajkumar hirani is a genius!
 one of the best hindi films ever made
 let's see the world through the eyes of pk
 a film everybody needs to watch.
 ruju + p.k = class at its best
 pk and aamir khan gets us thinking
 p.k- a flawless movie
 pk:- a journey worth worshipping for all
 we are all in search of god, but no one does it the way pk does!
 one of aamir's best
 this movie is the need of the hour.....
 pk is brilliant satire which will be praised by masses and classes.
 good movie
 pk and aamir khan gets us thinking
 a must watch!
 a responsible movie ,a responsible director
 it started out as a joke...
 the pure love
 philosophical, mesmerizing, full of humor... the best
 my review: brave and funny!!
 great
 best film ever
 the facial expression and eyes of aamir, the method acting of aamir, the direction of hirani and the superb screenplay.
 the best indian satire movie till date
 hirani takes innovation and creative thinking to a different level
 it's literally, the best film of aamir khan's carrier
 aamir's best performance till date.. again.. and again...
 masterpiece.
 pk will definitely win your hearts.
 message received.
 false review by asad khan nasar
 always a great work by raju and aamir..
 hands down--a gem.
 masterpiece
 philosophical kontradictions...
 all time blockbuster pk
 pk makes u laugh n cry both at the same time...amir at his best!!!
 nice movie...
 raised an important issue really carefully.
 pk is better than 3idiots
 no reason to get less than 10 (oshadaron)
 excellent
 its really a great movie amir great
 best movie ever
 thought provoking entertainer
