 a dedicated biopic which often meanders and gets boring....needs some serious editing..!!
 really?
 bhag milkha bhag-3 hrs package of lesser biopic, more commercial and extra ordinary farhan
 one time watch. paan singh tomar was better. 6.5 on 10
 nice and inspirational biopic though slow and overlong......
 sikh flies, movie doesn't take off
 if you are here for real drama you will be disappointed
 dramatic heights!
 bhaag... milkha?
 i'd say that the movie is nice. definitely a one time watch! but just because it talks about an indian achieving i didn't get goosebumps. 4/5 are too biased!
 an epic tale of epic exaggeration which sadly turns into an epic disappointment of epic proportions
 very good movie but can be made better
 farhan akhtar too good but story needed polishing
 a very good biopic that could have been way better
 quintessential bollywood
 bhaag milkha bhaag: runs well at its best
 its a nice movie.
 this movie has some faults like undetectable long length.............................but some of the moments are beautiful which make it watchable.
 truly inspiring for the young generation and almost everybody.
 a biopic deserves accolades- made with conviction......
 though you may not find it as energetic as projected but that is how real cinema can revive in hindi film industry.
 bhaag milkha bhaag (u) hindi --------------- my rating : ★★★½ runs really hard towards the finish line
 a farhan show
 each subplot has been stretched 400m when it could've ended in a 100m dash. that doesn't stop bhaag milkha bhaag from being a thoroughly entertaining biopic, bollywood style.
 looong movie.
 a good movie but slightly overrated!!!!
 mildly disappointing..
 not as good as rang de basanti___
 overstretched, with fine moments of emotions, loss and victory.
 a running endeavor
 a wonderfully acted good movie. definitely not the great!
 creates a long-lasting impression !!!! amazing....
 inspiring journey of milkha but little disappointing in terms of reel.
 my review: run farhan run!!
 milkha singh has won. so has the biographical film. everybody rise! ♦ 80%
 milkha bann gaya india - a successful effort!!
 hardwork , willpower and dedication - for person with these qualities , the sky is the limit
 epic acting
 motivational
 well worth seeing.
 a great story, albeit an overly long one
 an epic biographical and historical drama with great performance 8/10
 a tale of indomitable human spirit
 a watchable movie
 nice biopic...watch it for farhan akhtar!
 a melancholic inspirational movie
 incredible milkha singh
 tu bas bhaag!!
 blunder
 milkha ran – but couldn't overtake pan singh
 'bhaag milkha bhaag' runs for bollywood's gold
 flying colours of the flying sikh
 truly inspirational....akhtar rocks
 an amazing film
 overdramatic flying sikh
 an inspiring movie on one of india's greatest athletes
 must watch movie....farhan rocks.
 must watch
 farhan has done wonders
 a commendable film on milkha singh's inspiring tale!
 bhaag milkha bhaag – a flying tale of a flying sikh
 the true story of the flying sikh" which became a masterpiece of indian cinema
 strong story and motivational movie...
 a biopic gets the bollywood treatment in "bhaag milkha bhaag", which dramatizes the life of record-breaking indian sprinter milkha singh, played by the talented farhan akhtar.
 an extra ordinary journey of an ordinary person
 epic. inspirational. patriotic
 bhaag milkha bhaag  there is no finish line!!!
 runner , runner
 picture perfect..!!
 farhan brings flying sikh alive on screen !!!!
 new by standards of indian sports movies but falls short of a classic
 an excellent and inspiring movie, beautifully portrayed. :')
 stupendous piece of work
 this movie is by farhan, for farhan of farhan .. just excellent!
 brilliant acting and direction
 willpower n dedication personified on n off screen
 it's time for movies like these to take centrestage on the world platform...
 every indian must see this movie!
 bhaag milkha bhaag: the run for dream
 a shining tribute to the flying sikh
 absolutely brilliant
 the movie gives us the true story behind the flying sikh milkha singh
 grand
 farhan akhter deserves a national award for this!!!
 "bollywood needs a better class of directors, rakeysh omprakash mehra is gonna give you that"
 farhan akhtar, an epitome of extreme dedication towards the character
 bhaag milkha bhaag will make u stun !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 what a movie "waf"
 yet another class delivered by romp
 review of negative reviews
 bhaag milkha bhaag is a true inspirational movie for all us.
 best movie ever made
 run to watch this now in 40.80 sec !!! thank you very much guys for making this movie...
 can be watched again and again and again and will inspire every time
 excellent(a bit too long)
 epic movie
 must watch if you think bollywood can not produce great movies.
 perfect movie. fantastic, best movie of indian industry.
 flawless movie 'bhaag milkha bhaag'...!!!
 rakesh omprakash mehra raises the bar for indian films
 hard work willpower and dedication, bhag milkha bhag
 bhaag milkha bhaag is a complete package
 flying sikh, thats what the whole world calls him. and if you want to fly with him, you must watch this movie..
 do not walk ... run to "bhaag milkha bhaag"!
 best film of the year till now
 a laudable achievement in inspirational cinema
 best movie
 bhaag milkha bhaag courage story with spice of romance,struggle,unmatching courage
