 ambitious, does not live up to the hype
 good acting but the movie is average
 the background
 below average
 i would like to say that i liked this film, but...
 distracting screenplay have affected the movie badly
 chutzpah - the audacity to promise excellence and delivering disappointment
 shakespeare play hamlet in bollywood style
 works in some parts and falters in other!
 fantastic masterpiece but something we indians shouldn't really promote!
 an acting masterclass, but a plot that loses you too many times
 haider - grand, occasionally spellbinding in lacklustre
 a worth watching gem in cinematic terms for sure but doesn't have that fine balance of art & entertainment as seen before in the thoughtful director's early hits.
 well.......
 electric performances, chilling cold blooded murders against a fascinating backdrop of the kashmir valley - a befitting tribute to shakespeare
 potential only half met. still worth watching
 in a few words, its a screenplay and directional failure........
 successful trilogy of vishal bharadwaj's shakespeare
 film begins slowly but draws you into its drama
 haider is an average movie
 tries hard but makes little sense
 bollywood form of shakespear plays-add to ur knowledge.
 "haider" is riveting...
 bollywoods gertrude..
 haider is a film not simply to watch but feast on it.
 intense and artistic. tries to achieve a lot.
 my review: the hamlet of bollywood!!
 great movie but slow pace
 good
 a potpourri of vestiges review: vishal bhardwaj's final chapter in shakespeare trilogy
 haider.
 a really good movie with brilliant performance by all the star cast...!!!
 one of the best adaptations of hamlet
 best hindi movie of the year
 will miss you irrfan sir
 haider (u/a) hindi --------------- my rating: ★★★★ silent melodrama
 a good attempt
 tabu, shahid shine in this brilliant adaptation of hamlet !!
 a masterpiece from director
 surely a masterpiece!
 best movie highlighting issues in kashmir
 an eye for an eye will make the whole world blind.
 blood-curdling masterpiece
 very good, only some song and dance scenes cut in too fast
 a must watch for kashmir and vishal lovers
 this movie surely had three things-well done acting,dark humor and the beauty of kashmir!!!!!!
 daringly exceptional and unfathomably unsettling..
 a masterpiece by vishal bharadwaj
 vishal bahradwaj's third brilliant shakespeare adaptation; one of the best adaptations of 'hamlet'.
 revenge only begets revenge
 an outstanding adaptation of shakpearean play.....
 absolute masterclass from vishal bharadwaj
 a complex subject handled with care.
 haider: literature on screen. 'bard'waj's best!
 haider..... it's a mother-son chemistry that storms the screen.
 hamlet splendidly weaved into the militancy and raw beauty of kashmir
 if this is what bollywood offers, color me shamed for my ignorance.
 must watch
 awesome adaption...a must watch
 haider- a movie not to be missed.
 a master piece that makes you love the characters. a "chutzpah" entertainer.
 a must watch movie for every audience
 "absolutely unpredictable, fantastic and really amazing"""""
 vishal bharadwaj does it again
 top notch content overall.
 sons of anarchy
 hamlet + kashmir = haider
 shakespeare+vb classic combo
 one of the best by shahid kapoors
 a masterpiece ! a must watch !!
 a masterpiece
 amazing
 hamlet portrayed into haider
 exciting and well deserved 2hs.42 mins,shahid at the peak of performance
 a class movie after so many years from bollywood
 it is more than adaptation of the play, it is very political
 shahid & vishal bharadwaj redefine filmmaking
 awesome but.......
 a hauntingly adept cinematic masterpiece
 best movie of 2014
 if ak has 'gulaal', vb has 'haider'... 10 on 10
 haider: a masterful re-imagining of shakespeare's hamlet
 more than perfect
 one very good watch
 haider : highly impressive, haunting, enchanting
 a real acting and direction for cinema lovers
 haider is an absolute experience
 must see cinematic masterpiece!
 haider‬ : must watch 5*. standing ovation to ‪vishal bhardwaj‬
 haider at his best and beyond
 harder best film of the year
 hadar is the best film
 haider is a masterpiece !
 our cinema is lame, old school and cheesy, i've heard many indians (wannabe foreigners) say that. the easiest way to shut them up: haider.
 a masterpiece bound to develop cult following
 an exceptional cinematic experience for anyone, anywhere in the world
 haider is intense, disturbing, and not your regular bollywood movie
 there will never be another haider
 a path breaking movie,pure cinematic experience
 one word- legen wait for it dary.......
 missing this gem will be a crime
 good movie
 best movie of 2014 (10/10)
