 kangna the queen
 such a wonderful holiday
 not worth the hype!
 overrated
 feminist movie
 funny and at last non-traditional movie according to other indian movies
 i make my life
 innocent drama, family film
 the queen of hearts
 a ride i will never forget!
 awesome movie, great performance by kangana ranaut
 8.9 rating seriously ... ?? ... non sense movie
 queen is about how to enjoy your life and searching yourself.
 refreshing.....
 qs with wrong as
 salute to the queen
 this queen is innocent, naive but entertaining throughout
 back to imdb just for reviewing this indian gem
 consistently entertaining
 feel good drama!
 this is the best hindi film i have seen so far this year!
 rani's journey is pathbreaking!!!!
 with the incredible leading lady and a tasteful direction, 'queen' is a heart-breaking yet heart-warming piece of cinema!
 queen ...... king of 2014
 good comedrama
 a must watch movie, awesome acting, plot and direction.
 kangana arrivesand how!
 entertaining and inspiring
 an uplifting, feel-good film!
 finally, an indian film that lives up to the hype
 beautiful in every aspect.....
 exuberance
 a perfect women's day gift for all girls out there. so go watch it & kangna....just take a bow.
 bahl's spectacular sophomore; kangana ranaut's queen is an acclaim magnet
 queen belongs to kangana
 queen is a heart warming and comic story of a heart broken girl
 film review:
 feel-good bollywood!
 appeals to both the masses and the classes
 this 'queen' will surely rule your hearts! <3 <3
 my review: queen of hearts!!
 almost pitch perfect
 perfect!
 must watch..
 queen : movie that stays in your heart
 smile all the way.. :)
 don't wait for more review just go and watch..
 international men's day
 queen: a story to watch
 simple girl on a magnificent and stunning adventure of life
 kangana proves she is the queen of hearts..............
 lives up to the hype!
 outstanding work with a brilliant story line!
 this queen will take the 'queen' within you on her journey!!!
 refreshingly different... quixotically real
 good story and well acted!
 thoroughly enjoyable
 a happy journey to paris
 excellent movie
 a must watch...seriously
 excellent is a smallish word
 a queen of hearts for indian cinema
 a pure indian movie :)
 queen (u/a) hindi ---------- my rating : ★★★★½ entertainer
 this queen is royal in every way!
 queen is soul stirring
 must watch !
 must watch - highly recommended for all, men or women!
 queen wins the heart
 i didn't want this movie to come to an end. by far the best i've seen in many years
 stunning performance from kangana ranaut (and all her co-actors), brilliant direction and a crisp-smart 21st century storyline
 best hindi movie watched so far
 attenion gen-y : please don't miss this one!!
 well, the rating says it all ...
 kangana nails it!
 'queen' is a triumph... all the way !
 watched such an awesome movie after a long time.
 a sure shot winner all the way.
 what a surprise hit!
 one of the finest work of bollywood
 saw it this morning, have been smiling constantly since then!
 awesome
 go girl go. jai mata di.
 unconventional and simply watchable
 the best movie of this year and one of the best after a very long time ! just watch it !
 delightful film!
 rani, queen of hearts
 outstanding kangna so naturally beautiful!
 awesome, once in a decade movie
