 many might like it who haven't seen the original, but as a remake, its the weakest one till date, missing the much needed soul, energy and fire.
 bad example
 watchable bollywood thriller after a long time. ♦ 60%
 the hunt for a good thriller ends here! a remake? so what?
 family plot.
 drishyam though lacks the punch of its original version will not disappoint you.
 good crescendo of thrill
 copy paste of malayalam movie drishyam
 this is a solid piece of entertainment but it could have been so much more
 indian crime noir
 tabu? her voice is not strong enough for character
 this is inspired by malayalam film with the same title
 family tries to resist cop harassment while burying
 if you haven't seen the original malayalam film its a must watch!!! will leave you in awe. how far can you go to protect your family...
 thrilling & engrossing!
 good till first 2 hours
 movie review profits
 just bookish knowledge does not train one for challenge called life.
 one of greatest of recent times, i wanted to give 7.5 to be honest
 a deft, nail biting family thriller......
 thats what you call a godfather!!!!
 a faithful remake of drishyam
 drishyam: a perfect movie for ending my tiring thursday
 its shawshank redemption in bollywood. a masterpiece. the best south remake ever made in bollywood.
 exceptional piece of writing
 this visual is deeply deceptive
 best movie of 2015
 drishyam -- no one is guilty in the eyes of law till proved !
 awesome direction, thriller
 "do not see much improvisations made"
 great thriller that deserves to be seen by international audience. about equal in quality to the original.
 drishyam
 drushyam
 amazing movie...
 a copy
 gripping, suspenseful and without a dull moment; movies teach you everything - motto; excellent film poster
 solid screenplay
 strong plot
 a touch of hollywood style
 give it a watch
 great escalation & suspense...
 well made copies
 edge of the seat thriller!!!
 interesting
 to cherish indian movies that don't dance
 once it gets moving, you won't want it to stop
 brilliant movie.
 edge-of-the-seat thriller with surprising twists and turns
 a must watch!!!
 drishyam :- sheer class and excellence, this is it
 what a movie!!!
 master piece
 a classic dark movie never made before
 excellent, but not quite as good as the malayalam version with mohanlal
 "ma'am, this family is even tougher than we thought!"
 high-voltage thriller movie
 go and watch
 awesome movie
 awesome
 epic ending!!!!!!!!!
 good one
 what a thilar movie!
 very unusual movie with a twist at the ending
 great movie.
 a good movie
 brilliant
 drishyam ~ visuals can be deceptive
 nice plot movie . make your eyes stick to the movie all time
 mindblowing experience, thrill it!
 a man going to extreme extents to protect his family from a crime they accidentally committed(although morally correct).
 simply owesome
 perfect plot, perfect execution and perfect acting
 family drama with an exciting thrill
 a cinematic masterpiece!!
 drishyam give a message to young generation..
 best family thriller movie in bollywood
 one the best bollywood movie, story wise
 best thriller movie of bollywood
 hard to predict the story-line as you watch it
 family
 mistery story
 this is india's answer to 'gone girl' (2014)!!!!
 drishyam is an epic movie 10/10
 absolute stunner and perfect thriller
 excellent story line with brilliant acting
 powerful family drama with power packed performances!!
 outstanding
 superb
 best movie
 an absolute gem
 what a movie
 amazing movie
 mystery unexpected
 ultimate character played by mr ajay devgan
 what a movie !!!!!
 masterpiece
 masterpiece high level movie in bollywood 10/10 😍
