 most overrated bollywood movie ever?
 one of the most overrated films of indian cinema
 overrated film
 dilwale dulhania le jayenge (the brave hearted will take the bride)
 who gets the girl? we all know it and cheer for him.
 not what it's cracked up to be
 it has magical moments but also some flaws
 nice but unachieved
 it's lovable because it's so stereotypically bollywood
 saw it for the first time....it's fine
 i love this movie. kajol is extremely beautiful.
 the most over-rated bollywood romance story ever! no, seriously it's like their titanic!
 fun, but nowhere near the likes of mughal-e-azam, qayamat se qayamat tak and maine pyar kiya.
 not a bad movie.
 great movie!
 absolutely gorgeous
 great fun
 of late, i fell in love with dilwale dulhania le jayenge
 a very typical sort of indian love story...well done and likable but oh, so familiar.
 loved it totally!!!
 nice movie.
 the saga of love's timelessness
 riders to pop culture
 dilwale dulhania le jayenge - a trend setting film!
 dilwale dulhania le jayenge! - evergreen
 very good romantic comedy
 the beauty of mainstream hindi cinema
 this movie is one of the great ones i've ever seen.
 one of the best from bollywood, ever !!
 an immotral film!
 life lessons to be learned
 winning the hand of sweetheart is a big project
 still excellent after 20 years
 "a gem..? no! not at all, but a kohinoor."
 great movie!
 come fall in love!
 forgive my doubt
 ddlj is the crux of bollywood cinema. there are three generations who have grownup with it.
 it's a classic
 an old gem!!
 landmark movie in hindi cinema
 awesome movie...
 dilwale dulhania le jayenge
 like every movie of its kind, and yet like nothing i've ever seen
 srk-kajol's chemistry at its best.
 "...fascinating..."
 best romantic bollywood movie ever!!!!!
 god, i love this movie.
 come fall in love...with a classic!!!
 a classic
 the 1990's definition of the class hindi film.
 an inspirational masterpiece
 i have no words.....
 aa a beautiful, brilliant film ever made, come fall in love over again
 good entertainment
 1 of the best movie of all times
 dilwale dulhania le jayenge
 the biggest hit of indian cinema
 great songs, love the songs. oh yeah, and the film...
 the quintessential combination of superb songs and an exellent story...
 most romantic movie i have ever watched....
 a timeless classic!
 great, fun, bubbly movie!
 best romantic movie of all times....
 the best romantic hindi film ever!
 my all time favourite movie!!!!!!
 best hindi film of the century
 still mesmerizing 22 years later
