 devdas falls on its face...!!
 below par to be bhansali material (but not bad entirely)
 a lavish trash
 style over substance
 colorful and touching, if occasionally uneven
 kitchsy interpretation but entertaining nonetheless
 so what's wrong with bollywood then?
 opulent and mind-blowing sets, mediocre acting and script
 lush, lavish, lovely - but ....
 magical !!
 what a tragic movie and really sad
 a masterpiece of a film
 reminiscent the bollywood classic
 the magnum opas of sanjay leela bhansali
 star-crossed lovers in calcutta
 a movie blended and made with and for love.
 sounds nice!
 excellent dances, costumes, acting - storyline typically indian
 great film but unlikely to be a tremendous success
 a magnum opus!
 lavish and dazzling, another classic
 most tragic film ever made in bollywood
 this is how us movies should be
 one of the best hindi movies i have watched
 a beautiful tragedy
 one of the best by slb !
 a perfect blend of romance , love and drama !
 sanjay leela bhansali does it again, but dillip kumar remains the original and unbeaten devdas.
 spectacular!!!
 devdas is only for the hindi and urdu speaking
 film fan's retinas hit pleasure overload
 remarkable. stunning.
 sanjay leela bhansali : a magician
 forget the haters! this is an awesome film!
 a gigantic wonderful steamroller of a movie
 omg, i loved this movie!
 the most lavish indian movie ever
 judging from a vacuum
 the movie rocks!
 a classic.....of masses
 an amazing story of love and passion, painted over the ultimate canvas of art by sanjay leela bhansali
 amazing movie!
 what a acting fabulous
 wonderful
 this is what we call acting
 great movie
 an 'old is gold' experience
 a bollywood classic
 gorgeous drama
 overall the story and the cast and the scenes are worth watching with an antique touch and the ever lasting love and the emotions with melodrama are just breathtaking.
 awsm
 the best bollywood drama i've seen!
 why even the most unromantic soul should watch this film
 absolutely magnificent. a triumph.
 an amazing movie.
 sparkly, gorgeous, ornate, addictive!
 bollywood at its peak
