 in an attempt to save the king, the queen dies. ♦ grade c+
 wazir is watchable only for two talents amitabh bachchan and farhan akhtar who saves the film from falling into a rabbit-hole
 grat concept weak narrative.
 hollow.
 my review!
 just a little better than "time-pass"
 such a waste of talents.
 an ambitious thriller, lacks a lot of things.
 a scripted revenge
 not a bad movie. could have been better.
 a passable thriller that works because of the drama,and great acting by farhan and mr. bachchan.
 bachchan enthralls yet again with a multilayered portrayal
 a revenge saga that is not angry but devious
 the revenge of common man's sharp mind with powerful politicians.
 an awesome story and twist lost in poor presentation
 a meaningful movie with great actors and a strong base
 best casting
 an interesting plot that's not gripping, but the ending steals the show.
 good thriller
 a nail-biting finish with a very smart job by both leading actors!
 wazir: starring amitabh bachchan and farhan akhtar
 not completely unpredictable.
 predictable
 slightly flawed but yet a good thriller
 wazir
 could have been better
 interesting but convoluted
 apart from the predictable plot, a well executed movie.
 wazir - when you play to win
 good to see that bollywood is finding its way....!
 story of a crippled pawn, a valiant rook and an evil king
 wazir - a fine example of good indian cinema
 a plausible effort..
 play to learn, then you will win
 brilliant actors!
 how the pawn becomes the queen
 begins with a bang, builds up well, fizzles out toward the end
 how easy it is to dupe the commoners!
 solid entertainer, but expected more
 a honest review
 review of the much hyped & anticipated, opener of bollywood for the year, starring farhan akhtar & amitabh bachchan in lead roles.
 a thriller made better with the performances; a must-watch!
 shuruaat badi zabardast hai is saal ki!
 well written and performed by amitabh and farhan.....
 watch it for excellent acting by amitabh and the twist at the end
 wazir is really nice move from bejoy, big b and farhan
 let's play a mind game called life, what can you sacrifice to win it?
 ending is boom other wise movie is very poor directed
 brilliant crime mystery.
 wazir
 awesome suspense thriller
 "you win, by losing."
 wazir (the queen in chess): a game of two friends where both are winners. (warning: spoilers)
 must-watch movie
 full movie review
 riveting thriller with powerful performances
 something unique
 best indian thriller i ever saw
 story of friendship, love and revenge...
 brilliant performance by leads.
 a thriller with a chaal
 i never heard a thing about this movie before watching, but it felt like the long wait is over...
 i lost but in the end i won
 not ur regular bollywood trash. good thriller. 100 times better than ek tha tiger, baby, holiday, phantom n bang bang.
 enjoyable, very brave attempt
 lights, camera, action!
 best for those who love twist in movie
 great movie!
 the best bollywood has to offer
 best direction, very good acting...worth watching
 overall story of the movie is quite short,simple. the overall movie is full of love and emotions and reflects the true meaning of promise
 feel it or not, wazir doesn't care
 one of the best thriller movie in bollywood
 that was check and mate
 a thriller with heart
 excellent movie with an interesting story and brilliant performances from it's lead actors.
 must watch
 wazir- first learn to learn things!!
 wonderful movie, must watch and great start for year 2016
 wazir - must watch movie
 suspense suspense
 awesome
 a fair attempt, justifiable end!!
 in its essence, this film is about love and respect.
 treat to your eyes
 redefining bollywood..
