 comedy movie
 fab. movie.
 a bit of a carry on...
 nice comedy
 "there's always a first time, dude!"
 pretty good but also a case of too much....
 movie review profits
 include all moments with smile nd tears etc
 entertaining, good & healthy comedy
 worth watching movie
 nice comedy packed movie
 indian comedy drama.
 laughter guaranteed!!
 different story is refreshing change from the usual
 live, laugh, love
 a witty movie, which never takes itself too seriously, but delivers a simple yet important message rightaway!
 a laugh riot - diagnosed as a 'classic'
 sanjay dutt is pertaining to be a doctor, one of the greatest comedy i ever have seen.
 comedy and entertainment movie
 indian comedy film of 2003
 real a good movie
 comedy drama
 you'll laugh and you'll cry !!
 absolutely wonderful movie!
 one prescription of munnabhia mbbs please!
 magic hug.
 munnabhai rocks
 heart touching
 dekhna ise jaroor maamu
 art of remake
 an original comedy
 a movie full of indian styled entertainment
 gr8 movie
 munnabhai m.b.b.s.: the film that gives you a jaadu ki jhappi
 awesome and trend setter
 one of the best movies ever made in indian film industry.
 real nice comedy
 excellent tapori movie
 a laugh riot!
 wat a nice bollywood piece!
 a great movie
 best comedy movie with heart touching emotional scenes
 franchise in india
 fun to be around and i will be
 best
 all time best hindi film.
 this should be my first film to write a film review, and it is also an indian film.
 solid story
 nice movie
 a movie not for comparison......its for love and compassion
 aye mamu review padne ka jarurat nai, jaake film dekho
 one of the greatest indian films that you can watch on repeat mode
 watch only if you understand hindi - dubbed version won't have the impact of jokes.
 not bad
 superb time pass
 there is no summary , watch full movie
 extremely appealing
 the film is about a gangster who wanted to become a doctor to take revenge on the dean of the mumbai medical college for humiliating his father in front of him.
 if you ever watched a comedy film let it be this film
 indian standard entertainment
