 love legend by yash chopra
 beautiful but awfully sentimental
 nothing out of the ordinary
 tries too hard... succeeds partly
 bollywood entertainment
 extremely sentimental, yet unabashedly so: the epitome of bollywood
 best story
 good not great movie
 movie review
 what is wrong with veer-zaara?
 beautiful songs and shah rukh khan
 humanity, respect and the power of love against time and circumstances
 "gift of the magi" in bollywood format
 emotionally powerful one that never loses its focus !
 veer zaara is pure opera!
 it's all about love
 must watch
 amazingly amazing....not bad at all
 why am i giving this film an 8 out of 10?
 progressive film
 somehow it works...
 wow...shah rukh khan and amitab bachchan in the same movie! and then anupam kher appears from out of no where!! wow...
 you wouldn't trash carmen
 the best love story ever made in indian cinema
 love is life.. life is love..
 best romantic movie in the history of bollywood
 best movies that you can watch best movie that can reserve oscar too.
 best love movie !!
 excellent romance
 the best of mr. yash chopra
 poetic brilliance
 instant classic
 expected sappy fluff, got sentimental romeo & juliet type epic melodrama with political & social undertones
 yet another masterpiece from yash chopra..
 one word - awesome!!
 great entertainment
 this movie was excellent
 no words for this movie.!
 a beautiful epic love story from yash chopra!
 a masterpiece of film making!
 a surprise top movie!
 first time a movie which has combined patriotism, emotions, love, respect and humanity.
 best movie in the whole world
 the best film of 2004 period
 excellent movie
 absolutely favorite film
 veer zaara simply excellent
 if ur favourite movie is excellent then this is more than that
 humanity, respect and the power of love against time and circumstances..
 veer - zaara is a true love legend!
 a film of epic proportions!
 what a movie!
 my best indian movie ever
 veer - zaara. a sweet movie..
 amazing
 wow!!!
 excellent movie
 love is in the air and all around the world.
 best movie ever made.
 the art of good-old story telling in all its perfection
