 a fun bollywood movie but overrated
 a little too simplistic
 a sweet, innocent bollywood entertainer which gets a little too sacharine .... it is able to deliver the mahatma's message in a more easily digestible form
 lage raho ... lage raho !
 gandhigiri
 superb successor
 bache raho munna bhai
 entertaining and fun
 worth a watch
 bole to movie to ekdam sahi hai bhai!
 good
 clean cut comedy
 gandhigiri rocks!!! but the movie doesn't.
 why not more people make moves like thisthis is awwwweeesomme maamoo
 better than the first part
 munnabhai ko alvida naa kehna
 better than the first in some ways
 lage raho indeed! aptly named!
 misleading title; great movie.
 lage raho sanjay dutt
 gandhi isn't gone.
 truly original hindi comedy after a long while?
 lage raho
 lage raho munnabhai..............
 here comes an exceptional movie in hindi, after a long time
 a total different sequel
 this movie rocks and how !!!
 keep going munna and circuit
 a film of two halves
 get well soon mamu!
 "lage raho munnabhai" is a super family movie
 at last a really funny indian movie
 excellent !! send it to oscars
 excellent movie
 i wouldn't say the best but definitely a very good movie suited for all generation.
 refreshing
 though made in 2006 . it's more relevant today
 second time is the charm.
 could almost have been made in hollywood
 sequels are foreign to indian movies but this one...
 keep it up.... lage raho.
 generations to come will scarce believe that such a one as this walked the earth in flesh and blood
 hilarious & original!!!
 a must for india today..
 absolutely awesome movie .....!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 munna bhai .... excellent movie!! lage raho.. even better
 where gandhigiri meets dadagiri...with a touch of "chemical locha" of course!
 coming of the new age sequel!!
 one of the best hindi movies that i have seen.
 excellent!
 one of the best movies in recent times!
 see this again and again!
 munna meets mahatma gandhi!!
 munnabhai - the magic recreated!!!!
 munna bhai back!!!
 very entertaining movie
 an all time great hindi movie
 one of the greatest...
 an amazing film!
 hilarious
 please lagey raho munna bhai
 once line - first class perfect entertainer! must watch!
 the complete work of cinema(audio/visual treat)
 munna bhai lesson to nation
 simply amazing movie
 munna, we all love you
 l.r.m.b 100 times better than kank or krrish, reason: because its original
 art of humor at its best
 must watch movie...
 funny lovely with moral msg,pure entertainer, munna-circuit rocks!
 lage raho munnabhai
 brilliant entertaining movie..better then the first....must see
 best movie ever
