 good but could be spoiler for some.....
 omkara
 saif reigns supreme
 a little below expectations
 conclusion:i have seen better,i have seen worse.
 othello, bihari gao version
 commendable effort to showcase intelligent cinema to indian audience
 only for the discerning movie goer
 shakespeare and saif carry the movie through
 nearly deceived me!
 can raw be gorgeous ?...its omkara !
 omkara, bhardwaj's victory!
 the power of omkara
 if you live on a diet of karan johar movies, stay away.
 great but not a classic material
 tragic, haunting,exquisite and unforgettable..
 vishal bharadwaj and saif ali khan excel
 movies like these revive my hope in bollywood..
 vishal bhardwaj at his best
 brilliant made movie by director
 super
 strong plot with some irrational scene's.
 powerful tribute to a tragic story.
 well made...very good
 falls short of being a masterpiece.
 sholay, dil chahta hai, rang de basanti and omkara.
 its a beautiful adaptation !!
 omkara : a bollywood masterpiece
 omkara is too good to be missed
 excellent
 shakespeare set in rural up
 a gutsy effort by vishal bharadwaj
 wow
 desi othello !!
 excellent piece of craftsmanship
 cinema at its finest.
 omkara.....a brilliant movie
 the resurgence of quality cinema...and how! watch it for saif!
 unexpected brilliance... silence ruled the hall !!
 bollywood needs movies like these
 langda tyagi bahu bhalli!!!
 omkara: return of good cinema
 excellent...intense...long for a western viewer...and worth it
 shakespeare at his best !!!
 brilliant adapatation
 a rustic masterpiece!!
 another excellent shakespeare adaptation by bhardwaj
 great film....and an evil dvd production company.
 the indian neo-noir director's gloriously dark creation.
 truly amazing watch!
 thank god for vishal bharadwaj
 outstanding - but beware of subtitles
 this will make shakespeare proud...!!
 omkara shines under the darkness of othello
 dangerously close to perfection
 exquisite
 v for vishal bhardwaj
 omkara..a fitting tribute to shakespeare's othello...
 hindi cinema at its best!
 if you have not seen an indian movie in a long time, this is the one to break your hiatus with.
 omkara: a classic of international standards
 majedaar
 astonishing
 masterpiece of vishal bhardwaj
 a must see movie! for bollywood fans and others alike !!
 for once shakespeare won't be turning in his grave
 vishal bhardwaj : 21st centaury auteur from india
 superb! excellent! great!
 omkara = othello / vishal bharadwaj = william shakespeare
 skillful adaptation of shakespeare's masterpiece
 immaculate!!!
 an excellent adaptation of othello
 best movie by far this year
 a tragic tale of love and envy -omkara
 one of the best hindi films of all time
 not to be missed!!!!!!
 one great movie bollywood ever made.
 not so outstanding
 milestone of indian cinema
