 good but disappointing.....
 sarkar disappoints & its not a godfather - no way !
 bad indian adaptation of the godfather
 rgv needs a new light
 huge expectation falls flat !
 sarkar, godfather and ramu
 sarkar, godfather and varma
 powerful
 the desi godfather
 one of the few hindi movies worth your time
 a good movie but pales in front of original
 mr. abhishek bachchan comes of age. stands up in front of his father and gives a stellar performance.
 rgv + big b + abhishek = magic!
 fine movie about a not-so-obvious criminal
 background music intrudes
 an rgv masterpiece
 fantastic, but company and satya were better.
 francis ford coppola will be proud!
 brilliantly paced with good screen play..8 stars
 sarkar is ram gopal verma at his best.
 there are no rights and wrongs. only power...
 a mobster with a heart of gold...
 sarkar is all about loving godfather.
 "a good movie worth a onetime watch"
 ramu's godfather
 only the outline of the godfather...
 ramu & amitabh are the new dream team
 hindi version of godfather
 hindi godfather??
 sarkar is not a copy, but an inspired version of godfather.
 its sarkar, not the godfather
 rgv is at his best once again
 more "inspired by", but lovingly made
 as well made as any of the better ram gopal verma movies
 angry young men !
 sarkar is as good as godfather!!!!
 i haven't seen the godfather...sarkar is quite brilliant.
 sarkar: a gangster feast
 excellent
 the movie's too good ..... go watch it
 a movie to remember from ramu's collection...
 powerful!
 a small step by rgv -- a great step for indian cinema
 this movie is about a fictional godfather of mumbai...hold your breath..
 in one word... brilliant
 ram gopal varma - a mature magician
 ramu is back with a bang!!!!
 amitabh the 'sarkar' of bollywood
 the indian version of the godfather.
 absolutely stunning
 sarkaar is a godfather's clone, but it is way better
 great indianisation of godfather!!!
 one of the best movies in indian cinema
 ram gopal verma magic
 spectacularly flawless!
 a powerhouse movie
 brilliant movie - brilliant music
 well executed .....superb!
 wonderful movie
 very real adaption of the godfather ram gopal varma is great
 revolutionary bollywood
 best release
 no wrongs, all rights in this "power"house of a movie!!!
 the best performance and film of amitabh bachchan till date !!
 one of amitabhs best
