 the god-awful, the bad, and the ugly
 this movie is the worst movie i have ever seen
 -or- how to make the worst movie ever
 bad movie. big disappointment.
 holy shi-- what was that?
 .....
 how come no one looks their part?
 yikes! what a mess
 ugh, what a stinker
 how bad can these movies get?
 its just not good
 the cia could add screenings of this movie to their already packed torture rosters at guantanamo bay
 street fighter: legend of zzzzzzzzzzzzzz........(snore)
 turn away now before you waste your time
 street fighter: the legend of chun-literally becoming caucasian.
 an abomination!
 video game movies aren't getting any better
 put it this way..... don't even see it
 almost thought this was an ewe boll film...
 the worst mortal kombat movie ever!!!!
 big let down !!warning spoilers!!!
 whoever liked this movie
 don't know if i can finish watching it...
 remember when movies wanted to draw you in?
 terrible...
 you'd think capcom would make it more accurate
 street fighter ....disappointing.
 very disappointing
 you either love it or hate it. i did not like it.
 it's just... bad.
 stick with the animated movie instead
 klein does it again.
 plenty potential, but poorly depicted
 terrible movie, with mostly terrible acting, terribly made characters, just terrible, they should just name it terrible gun fighting
 this is a joke
 terrible but some laughs to be had at its expense
 no don't rape my eyes
 weak movie
 i can't hold my tongue. this movie's terrible
 can we get van damme back?
 it's bad to the point where it hurts
 as good as the first street fighter movie.....enough said
 street fighter: legend of fail!
 its worst than the original, ......... i cant believe i just said that !!!
 a waste of a perfectly good movie.
 pretty disappointing
 i thought the first one was bad...
 not even worth a penny!
 and people claim street fighter is bad?. trust me, this is much worse!.
 deadly dull sequel that'll make everyone take back what they said about the original
 not worth the time
 ridden of it's goodness
 a legend worth forgetting.
 wait for watchmen
 very bad
 just as ridiculous as anything uwe boll has done.
 not the worst movie i've seen
 such a great fun-bad movie
 hahaha
 street fighter fans deserved more and better
 the 1994 movie is a masterpiece compared to this trash!! avoid!!
 why is this called street fighter?
 was there an actual script?
 ack! but it has its moments.
 very disappointing
 when you have to keep quiet in a movie when chris klein is about to speak (for all the wrong reasons), oh boy
 hardly a legend
 what! a white anorexic chun-li???
 typical, thoughtless, gamer movie
 what a piece of.....
 bold but true statement - worse than the first
 yup.... van damme's was better.
 only good thing...
 don't wast your time
 what's my motivation? somebody please tell me!!
 why "the legend" works
 toe the line
 a nutshell review: street fighter: the legend of chun-li
 great mocking film... if your into that sort of thing that is...
 were they trying to make an awful movie?
 it's based on a videogame....need i say more?!
 (unintentionally) the comedy of the year!
 a case study in over-acting
 "street fighter: the legend of chun-li"- basically every bland 90's direct-to-video action-flick, but with an actual budget and an inexplicable theatrical release.
 thought it was a tv show...that's how bad the acting was.
 better then the original sf movie.
 a golden opportunity wasted
 great actors, baaad plot line..
 does this street fighter pack enough punch??
