 zoya - okay, anurag - complicated, dibakar - awesome, karan - cringy
 only dibakar shines..
 fabulous directors find themseves lost in the horror genre
 dibakar's story was good
 chilling
 "simple" ghost stories !!
 promising except for that last one
 a good series - 6/10
 watched it for dibakar!
 kind of hit and miss, not many ghosts though
 one time watch
 not scary enough
 a more enhancement to indian horror
 a decent attempt, and it doesn't deserve the hate.
 dibakar banarjee : you slayed it !
 not worth it.
 creepy in parts, different from the usual horror stuff
 stories are very ordinary- direction is nice
 an unpopular opinion
 dibakar's segment is the only one going in the right direction.
 meh, i've seen worse...
 creepy but not scary
 horror anthology...
 dibakar: good,. anurag : total garbage.
 bold and experimental except karan johar's one.
 they have got it all wrong. brave attempts!
 mostly good anthology feature.
 not standard horror fare - tongue-in-cheek indian stories
 anurag and dibakar saved it!
 7 out of 10 only for dibaker banderjee.....hats off
 middling horror film but nice effort
 mixbag
 okey dokey!
 a dying man's ecg.
 4 stories 4 directors 4 experiences
 a series of shorts that worked pretty well for me in parts.
 3rd and 4th story was very good to watch
 misleading title but not as bad as everyone says. this kind of horror is not meant for everyone.
 good film & underrated. (warning :- do not watch zoya's and karan's short)
 zoya and karan did the best!
 different, intriguing
 imdb
 don't go for bad reviews ..watch it for yourself ... dibakars story stands out ...
 missed the point most reviews
 good watch
 a good anthology!
 new era in indian cinema ( horror movies )
 great star cast - fresh & innovative approach
 very well done.
 not a bad attempt
 ok this is not that bad first story is bit boring but the end is good second story is very complicated and very creepy and 3rd is amazing masterpiece last story is bad
 i liked them a lot!
 needs an acquired taste to love this
 skip karan johar's part
 less scary,more impact
 amazing! just amazing!
 quartet start the netflix year with a bang!
 why so much hate ? awesome series
 it was unique and spooky!
 it cell is activated
 brilliant experiment not the typical indian horror film
 dont trust the ratings..the low ratings are done by bjp it cell
