 had potential but lacked execution
 engineering college redemption
 it is not a great movie, it is a good movie though
 good, not great
 clearly the best hindi movie of 2009.. must watch
 an average movie which still is better than most of the comedies which rolled out this year in bollywood (yes, that's the sorry state of bollywood these days!).
 the story deserved a better climax at the end.
 not original, nothing new.
 a different indian movie but a little dragged on
 3 idiots: chetan bhagat, raju hirani and us
 3 idiots
 not all is well.
 i don't get it
 one of bollywood's best. that isn't saying much.
 opinion
 funny movie!
 my take: at the least, you can't say you don't get a full-course meal of movies in one large one
 good movie but not as good as it is rated
 stupid entertainment movie
 overrated and laden with clichés
 way overrated
 this movie is an anomaly in the top 250 list
 all is well...?
 comedy movie with message
 am i missing something this movie is mediocre and waaayy to long
 great entertainer / but story and character holes
 good, but they overdid it.
 typical vidhu vino chopra type of comedy film
 a bollywood for everybody
 feel good
 good in comedy but somewhat below expectation!!!
 good, not outstanding
 overrated
 very funny and one of the best comedies i have ever seen !!
 all izz very very well :)
 a treat!
 all is well
 a good entertainer but over-hyped as usual
 3 idiots definitely tries to do things differently ... to certain extent successfully!
 good. but misses the bullseye !!!
 one of the better bollywood movies i saw
 a hilarious and very much bollywood conceptualization of 2 stories
 great entertainment...
 very joyful movie !
 the most meaningful goofy movie.
 buddhadeb maji
 another good venture from hirani
 genius idiots
 a satisfactory meal, but not the best...
 more than just a laugh...taught me great life lessons as well
 one time watchable
 funny*25000000
 all is kinda well for 3 idiots. it was mostly a great feel-good movie.
 different great movie
 another mix bag from bollywood, but we love it!
 3 idiots
 over-hyped movie. good fun for half the way
 a fresh coming of age tale with a big heart!
 a fun watch!
 for smiting those who are lame enough to give this movie a one or a two star rating
 my intro to bollywood: comedy, musical, melodrama in one
 reality of iit
 best movie to showcase thw mental pressure of a student
 incredible
 happiness
 very good
 bollywood comedy blockbuster: pee jokes and wholesome life values
 loosely inspired by fps? - i think not ..
 a worthy tzp sequel ...
 really good movie... a must watch
 top bollywood movie of the year - 2009
 class apart
 an american pov: very good movie, but longer than needs to be
 wow this american loves this movie
 hat-trick heroes x 3...
 aal izz very, very, very, very, very well
 very good movie!
 don't judge this book by its cover!
 a wise person may look like an idiot: chinese proverb
 a must watch!
 this movie is really meaningful to us asians
 inspiration
 aal izz... aalmost perfect.
 the fun side of bollywood
 the best movie in indian cinema ever.
 potentiality
 live in the moment
 unforgettable, inspirational, a must watch
 now that, is a movie! enjoyable. fun. unique. brilliant. emotional.
 didn't like the name
 unexpected
 it talks about faulty education system, unnecessary study pressure, wrong high expectation of parents, increasing materialism and ignorance of human values the funny way
 it's a movie
 fun!
 a modern day classic!
 it will touch your heart and it will change the way you behave to people you love!
 amazing movie
 a very enjoyable, feel good film
 wonderfully entertaining.
 ^_^the best film reflecting asia's education ever!
 finally a masterpiece from bollywood. aamir khan is the best thing to happen to bollywood. period.
 this christmas & new year, go gift yourselves - watch this phenomena (not for professors) !
 aamir has yet again chased excellence & success follows him !
 3 idiots is a masterpiece and easily one of the greatest bollywood movies of all time
 scarcely has a comedy provided its audience with so much insight, intelligence, and human affection
 one of the best movie of decade
 best movie of 2009! aamir khan reigns supreme!!
 the best indian movie ever
 don't be a stupid be an i.d.i.o.t. ! must watch.
 one of the best movies that make you laugh and cry and think at the same time
 the only movie that made me laugh and cry so hard...
 i laughed! i cried! and i'm giving this a 10!
 americans, enough, this movie is that good!!!!!!!
 amazing!!!!
 amazing movies
 a really fun and enlightening movie
 the magic of ace khan aamir khan and best director r.hirani
 absolutely loved it.
 the most fun i have ever had watching a movie!
 an undeniable masterpiece
 marvelous movie
 an "oeuvre d'art"
 worth to see
