 definitely disappointing.
 the politics of cinema...
 proof the top 250 is at best unreliable and at worst meaningless
 review from a cinematography stand point
 subject on profound and detailing remains clumsy
 okay but only so...
 the twists are good, i'll give you that
 too many shortcomings
 decent thriller with a clever plot and a deeper meaning
 aspects of die hard and speed
 review - a wednesday
 terrific plot !
 they went through a lot of trouble, but...
 to some extent, ridiculous. to another extent, telling the story in heart.
 when one common man stops being common for once !
 a film about an idea.
 movie review profits
 surprisingly interesting...
 a couple of questions related to a wednesday
 one of the rare brilliant films
 a tight thriller....
 a breathtaking picture that is both relevant, important and entertaining.
 nice, tight little masterpiece
 relevant to the current situation in india
 intriguing till the end, you just can’t help but love the course it takes!
 awesome movie that tells a gripping story on terrorism
 good interesting thriller
 thrills raised to the power of performance
 a wednesday
 makes you wet your pants with excitement
 a fast paced thriller which is worth watching
 review: an indian perspective to the global audience.
 awesome thriller on terrorism
 a great movie
 a gem of a film
 the very best of naseer. this time a thriller
 my first indian move
 "i am just a stupid common man."
 a wednesday, one of the best with the best
 great eye opener
 a must see
 an engrossing affair!
 excellent movie, apt review.
 a true masterpiece !!!
 power-packed naseeruddin shah
 kudos to the fresh talent with new thoughts in indian cinema
 a character of bombay
 now that is what you call a movie!
 worth watching this one on any given day !!!
 a very good thriller
 refreshing...
 a wednesday not to be missed.....
 one of th most thought provoking & no nonsense movies made in the recent times!
 a cinematic masterpiece
 outstanding!
 message is clear, but we need to learn to "read" it first
 every indian must watch...
 one common man had the guts
 indians know how to make a great thriller.
 a level
 english sentences mixed in with hindi
 bollywood's best flick!!
 fast paced action
 strikking and stunning
 a fascinating high-octane confrontation between two veteran thespians
 a wednesday in a lifetime
 instant classic!
 truly excellent movie
 "when's day"
 it was a wednesday!!!
 a little master piece
 saw it on a wednesday lol
 mature movie...
 excellent....!
 a wednesday !!! brilliantly executed 95 mins suspense thriller...
 do yourself a favor , go watch this movie !!
 excellent, brilliant and mind blowing!!
 the best movie so far this year!
 spectacular
 watch it for the brilliant performances by naseeruddin shah and anupam kher.
 a must watch
 the bollywood thriller comes into its own
 realistic and heart throbbing thriller that best portrays the situation in india
 must see movie for every indian
 remember ::you have got right to use your rights...
 simply superb !!!!!
 a wednesday is a masterpiece!
 the story of a common man
 masterpiece
