 stylish & slick
 mind blowing action, farhan's strong control on script and powerpacked performance from srk. truly the "king is back".
 not a true following to the first don.
 not as good as we think of it !
 not up to the expectations...
 oceans eleven + mi 2 yet better then don 1
 bang! crash!! kaboom!!! - that's "don 2"...
 don 2 is a watchable fare.......and a treat 4 srk fans
 lack of originality restraints it from being a great film.....
 a good one-time watch
 don 2 or mi 5??
 farhan akhtar could have made it better !!!
 all style and no substance make don2 a dull movie!!
 don degraded to being a bank robber....
 don 2 - you cant call it a sequel !!
 mote style, glossy plot but less thrill
 pure cinematic entertainment
 amazing movie with amazing stunts
 all hail the king!! he is back with much more to give this time
 decent one time watch
 totally 'don'-tastic shah rukh movie
 definitely a one time watch....could have been better
 one man show.....srk
 "the best action-flick and sequel in bollywood ."
 slick, stylish and hollywood like
 an interesting watch! srk is terrific!
 go for it!
 finally bollywood makes a die hard
 it's a full action movie
 don 2 (2011)
 good but nothing like the first don
 an enjoyable movie
 don ko pakadna mushkil hi nahin,namomkin hai...
 don 2. drawn out and predictable.
 not as good as the first one
 don 2 is the movie to watch.
 good one
 a potpourri of vestiges review: srk rules the rooster in don 2, much to the delight of action and heist enthusiasts
 at last .....the king arises........n unconquerable !!! kudos
 the king is back!!
 i'd watch it again
 a nutshell review: don 2
 a great bollywood movie for those who don't like bollywood movies
 don is back with a bang...
 brilliant job with don 2
 excellent movie !! must watch !! best of all bollywood action movies !! definitely watch this movie !!
 good movie
 finally shahrukh found a bankable franchise in his hands which he was hoping from ra.one, can't wait for don3 now
 amazing entertainer.
 the perfect crime
 stylish...superb actions...one of the best dierected movie...
 shah rukh back into d mainstream but in his own "style"
 one of the best action thrillers of bollywood!!
 the slickest action movie ever done in bollywood. period.
 amazing!!!
 finally a bond in bollywood
 "if you don't like don, you won't like don"
 a slick stylish action thriller
 good entertainer, the king is back
 nice comeback after ra.one!!
 brilliant srk comeback. watch even if you're not a fan of srk.
 the return of the king!!
 better than mi4 ghost protocol...best of srk's action films..
 don 2, the best and the most clever movie ever in bollywood, king khan proves his metal
 don 2.....1 word: mind blowing and outstanding.
 best sequel ever made in india!!!
 brilliant piece of art..!!!
 better than don 1!!!
 move is good
 ra-1 was a bad dream
 slick stylish and better than its prequel
 don 2 - the return of the king khan !!
 best action movie
 best thriller action
 extra points for trying , and succeeding!
 don 2 movie review
 don 2- a bit slow but entertaining watch
 what a movie
 farhan akhtar has raised the bar for future sequels and action thrillers. great performance by shahrukh in the best indian sequel so far!
 a stylish movie with none other than the king of cinema, shahrukh khan.
 best action film by bollywood
 outstanding
 with don 2 shahrukh back again
 shah rukh does it again :d :d
 don 2- a true sequel..!!!!
 king is back
 one of the best of 2011. "don ko pakadna mushkil nahin, namumkin hai"
 don 2 review : 'don 2 is a masterpiece'
 oh!!! what a film... excellent!
 farhan akhtar has outdone himself with don2 !
 best action suspense & full of twists movie in bollywood till date
 good entertainer
 truly the return of the king!!!
 don 2 roccckkksss in all fronts
 best ever!!!!!
 fantastic movie!
 best bollywood hifh octane thriller ever!!
 aspects of don 2
 the king is back..
 bollywood goes slick!!!!!
 excellent xmas & new year...njoy with the don
 just one word......superb
