 great new female performers and memorable city landscapes, but a movie with not much to say
 poor showing
 remarkably observant.
 experimental cinema...
 dhobi art - mumbai candids (diaries)
 not sure whether i liked it or not
 smoke and mirrors ...
 dhobi ghat - baby steps into into the 20th century!
 the ghat is shallow to soak in...
 poignant film
 the message has been lost
 great effort by debutant director, kiran rao
 a nicely directed parallel running drama.
 impressive debut and powerhouse performances
 brilliant story line, superb cinematography, good casting. it is a must watch movie for selected audiences only.
 go and watch only if you like sensible cinema..!!
 real live characters of mumbai
 a snapshot of mumbai.
 watch it. its really good!
 art in indian cinema- successful experiment
 slight but enjoyable
 a good watch.
 expected more..
 dhobi ghat is good but not great
 fresh, calm. a nice try overall
 a very different sort of bollywood film...
 mumbai diaries
 mumbai....the experience
 great movie, here are some reason why most audience won't like it
 a good creation for art cinema loving people.....
 here you go imdb, here's the summary you wanted.
 a potpourri of vestiges review: a treat for the eclectic viewers
 i don't know who writes here review!!!
 a simple story line..
 mumbai !
 a good film
 prateik babbar breaks out with dhobi ghat!
 a nutshell review: dhobi ghat
 it's drama, not suspense
 finally breaking the mainstream 'bollywood' domain...
 superb
 i love "dhobi ghat" as it is.
 dhobi ghat - must watch
 forget the negative reviews and judge for yourself
 don't categorize this & give it a chance it truly deserves
 ahead of its time....
 four lives and a city...
 exploring the hearts of the city from the hearts of the city(people)
 go watch it if you want to see bombay from a new perspective
 beautiful..leaves you wanting more.
 aamir khan never ceases to amaze me !!
 if you don't get it, that's too bad
 a look into the lives of four fictional mumbai dwelling characters
 not a movie for everybody
 bollywood needs more movies like this
 the movie with a hangover!
 great movie
 great to see a movie like this in indian cinema
 master-piece!!! not for mass cineviewers!!
 story telling at its best, a love rectangle :) that can't be completed...
 beautiful movie... not for the average hindi movie buff
 one of my all time top ten.
 magnificent!
 a master piece
 the kind of movie which communicates emotions to the viewers without dramatisation
 4 characters, their wish for an anchorage.. and the fifth strong character - mumbai...and the love underneath
 after so long i liked a hindi movie
 unsual and good experience
 go fall in love with mumbai, again
 my companion, my mistress, my life!
 prateik rockkss..
 dhobi ghat - extremely refreshing!
 this movie is not a tool for escapism
 i had given up on bollywood movies for a long time, and then i saw this.
 a poetic tale of people living in mumbai
 a piece of art
 tribute to bombay muslims.
 jabardast movie
 the movie of the year in bollywood for me
 splendid : not for someone with regular iq though
 amazing, to say the least
 dhobi ghat - themes
 subtle, powerful direction with strong imagery
 completely blown my mind in 90 mins
 the best movie of indian cinema
 a brilliant flick, encompasses mumbai to its richest glory!
 dhobi ghat - only for fresh minds
 dhobi ghat
 another awesome film by the amazing dangal guy.
 5 stories inter-weaved to produce a world class movie
 yes this is cinema at its best!
 dhobi ghat
 this is not a "bollywood" film
 must watch for those who like character driven movies instead of story and fun driven movies.
 artistically created art movie
 i can compare it to the mainstream cinema of hollywood but not to an art movie of world cinema
