 a nutshell review: ra.one
 a passable entertainer...
 a movie straight from the h.a.r.t
 the game-changer !!!
 ra one
 ra.one is very attractive to the eye but fails from its story line
 an average film held together to an extent by shah rukh khan and completely by the special effect, both clearly the usp of the film.
 not how i expected, but still good.
 let's give it a chance
 ra.one: conceptually good, implementation bad
 good attempt but didn't work !
 indian vfx extravaganza!!!
 ra.one: a usual srk film yet again
 decent movie... don't see the reviews they are crazy
 quite an entertainer!
 my review of ra .1
 brilliant children's movie
 good attempt but lacks originalty
 if you hate it the first time, watch it again -- with a lighthearted attitude =)
 ra.one : movie review (no spoilers)
 way below expectations
 much better than the more anticipated ra one!
 movie was ugly
 a potpourri of vestiges review: srk makes an almost seem-less transition from super-stardom to superherodom
 'ra'avan vs. 'g'eevan - a technical epic
 ra.one is not merely a great film, but also has soul, which is so essential to strike a chord. the biggest blockbuster in bollywood
 the best festive watch
 it all depends on what you expected before entering the cinemas!
 ra-one rocks
 a good bollywood super hero movie
 how much of hollywood can you take in a bollywood movie
 ra.one - a giant leap for hindi movies. srk is back! now stay quiet salman!
 ra.one-the review
 nice one
 ra one - good but expected more
 ra.one - delivers differently ain't a masterpiece but still is good for the experience
 good attempt for bollywood
 a sci fi hero and villain take their battle into real world and a game developers family is caught in between.
 if not a cult vfx film, but then close to it in bollywood..our very own ra.one
 in fact a really fun movie
 fun movie if your not a snob about campy films
 ra.one is indian cinemas stepping stone into the world of visual effects and superheroes
 a beautiful attempt
 ravaan vs giwan
 nice attempt
 one of the best sci-fi movie in india at the time.
 it's a really good and watchable movie
 a new blockbuster.........all records are going to be broke....
 a visual spectacle....for the 1st time in hindi cinema. a run for your money, who love/like this genre....
 my review
 impressive efforts by srk in bollywood
 g.one rocks & srk rules..........................
 great movie - much better than the usual bollywood drivel
 ra.one is a ok movie
 if you want a serious sci-fi movie, go to hollywood
 its about superhero..
 sense of humour like deadpool, original superhero origin, possible science fiction, brilliant effects, action and international entertainer
 a never seen spectacle in indian cinema
 srk back at doing what he does best..........entertaining!!!!!
 wow...>what a film
 world class vfx, possible science fiction, brilliant dual lead performances, novel concept, international action entertainer with awkward romance , father-son bonding tale
 ra.one : 2011 hindi science fiction superhero
 indian super hero
 the king is back!
 genial!!! watch it again!!!
 ra.one go go go
 outright entertainer
 ra.one redefines bollywood and entertainment
 you should watch the biggest leap of indian cinema.
 excellent movie, highly recommended
 ra.one..{record breaker}
 awesome
 outstanding
 a sci-fi movie which is kind of unseen in indian cinema..!!
 way out of league for indian cinema
 best bollywood can produce ra.one-the game changer
 special effects go to the next level with this one. a visual treat.
 a solid entertainer, it's not merely a great looking film, but also has soul
 the best movie ever
 it is a best movie i've ever seen
 srk is best
