 fantastic cinematography, interesting but unempathatic characters, ultimately not thought provoking and whimsical
 brilliance in concept but faltering at other spots makes if fall short of outstanding cinema
 intriguing and thought-provoking piece of independent indian cinema!
 movie makes you think.. recommended..
 a surprise delight of intelligence and direction
 an important milestone as bollywood finally shows signs of growing up.
 deep meanings, shallow satisfaction
 ship of theseus - a cinematic voyage towards acceptance of change in life
 celebrating life in a brilliant way
 get soaked......
 organ transplants are a more interesting topic than i ever imagined. some dark side effects give much food for thought
 overwhelming! a true piece of art in its purest form.
 slow, gentle, thought provoking and a visual delight
 great grandeur of indian cinema slighter touch of philosophy
 a hidden gem which should not be missed - my explanation
 an intelligent movie on an important topic
 three related stories of life choices
 good film!!
 my journey at the ship of theseus
 an enlightening meditation
 ship of the theseus : revival of art cinema
 the ship of theseus sails the high seas!!!
 send this to the oscars! it will make history.
 sheer poetry gives indian cinema a new definition..
 gem of a cinema
 sheer delight to watch. a world cinema masterpiece, almost!
 new breed of brainstorming bollywood
 an allusion to life through theseus' paradox.
 humane, thought-provoking and philosophical
 simply extraordinary..!!
 one of its kind.
 greek and indian philosophy meets fellini, ray, bergman and kieslowski
 thought-provoking!
 ship of theseus is simply a brilliant piece of art
 ship of theseus and tumbbad- anand gandhi raising the bar of indian cinema beyond hollywood.
 very thoughtful
 life redefining art❤
 very unique storyline..
 a must watch
 beautifully conveyed and nicely concluded
 a soulful effort...a cinematic masterpiece..a must watch...!!!
 my review: ship of enlightenment!!
 the ship of theseus is a painstakingly dialectical observation of the transient human forms journeying in the sphere of reality.
 a grand indian film portraying deep spiritual and philosophical quest
 saints are supposed to follow celibacy then why are you practicing so much of intellectual masturbation.
 celebrating cinema :)
 a visual expression of theseus' paradox...just simply amazing!!!
 very deep. watch it with an open mind.
 a thought provoking genius
 visually brilliant, philosophically unparalleled
 most thought provoking bollywood movie
 enlightening and thought provoking experience!!
 absolutely astonishing
 by far and beyond - among the best i've seen and loved !
 one of the most underrated gem of indian cinema
 ship of theseus
 say no more!
 brilliant plot, a masterpiece👍
 i feel this is one of the greatest movie in indian cinema
 this film demands our attention and rewards us uncompromisingly.
 masterpiece: must send for oscar
 philosophy is a subject not to inquire but to obtain through efforts.
 brilliant cinematic experience coupled with solid phylosiphical content
