 dhoom
 don't underestimate dhoom
 the best action movie in bollywood
 a must watch if you are an aamir fan
 complete indian entertainer.......
 fabulous job by aamir in d3
 dhoom 3 - emotional ride for the greater good
 partly good
 apart from "the prestige" issue... dhoom 3 puts on a good show :)
 an average flick!!
 convertible
 dhoom 3 is a children's film made for children who've never seen a film, writes raja sen.
 a very average affair
 rip physics and rip graphics
 not too impressive but just have to watch it for aamir and the kid.
 indian masala served hollywood style...
 all that glitters is not gold. wafer thin script and sloppy direction spoils the film !!
 nice...but lead actors fail miserably...
 dhoom 3: gets worse despite aamir's presence
 dhoom 3 has no dhoom in it.
 good graphics, but weak plot. credit goes to aamir khan & the director
 high on expectations, low deliverance!!
 doomed thrice !!!
 more glamour,less logic.an aamir khan oriented movie!
 nothing dhoomy about this series of dhoom
 entertainer of the year
 dhoom = mega action aur emotion
 worth watching
 bollywood maturing!!!
 the best dhoom........
 amir ends the year with a dhoom
 good watch. entertaining
 aamir khan steals the show.
 avg movie - great "amir" ,avg. abhishek & uday -
 aamir khan's best performance (till date)
 good but dramatic movie
 dhoom 3 - and why you should watch it
 d3 blurs the line b/w bollywood and hollywood
 supremely enjoyable
 guess what??? the first dhoom with a story is here..
 dhoom 3 review: why it is not that bad
 mind blowing acting by aamir khan....
 possibly the best dhoom but only because of aamir... tread with caution!
 with some ignorable flaws its a must watch
 dhoom: 3 is good but not perfect....!
 ignore the flaws and don't miss this one!!
 dhoom:3 may break krrish 3 records not because its awesome movie but because of aamir khan .
 awesome performance by aamir khan! awesome story! worst direction!
 movie is good but i was expecting more from aamir.
 dhoom 3-my thoughts
 dhoom 3 is best action,crime,thriller movie in bollywood till date.
 enjoyed a lot. amazing entertainer.
 aamir did it again!!
 its all about entertaining....!!!
 classic dhoom with a story
 ok! not that much pathetic like "ce" or "krrish -3"
 far better than second installment
 a western perspective: awesome movie; weak ending
 highly recommended to everyone else you will miss dhoom
 dhoom 3 - a good entertainer
 dhoom 3 is all about charismatic aamir khan.
 he's back with all the perfection!!!!
 dhoom 3 is a quintessential action movie
 ''dhoom'' means bang, & the movie has a lot of those to recommend it!
 bande hain hum uske hum pe kis ka zor, umeedon ke sooraj nikle charon aur, irade hain toofani himmati har qadam,apnay hathon kismat likhne aj chale hain hum..!!
 dhoom: 3 (u/a) hindi ------------ my rating : ★★★★ visual treat
 just after watching dhoom 3 , all my don-2 memories vanished .
 one of the best bollywood flicks i've seen till this date
 my review: dhoom 3 times with aamir khan!!
 they promised to end the year with a dhoom. did they succeed??
 a standard movie
 nice movie all star cast good work
 i like this movie
 about chori
 an honest appraisal of an honest attempt at filmmaking
 the peak of dhoom
 people read this!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 watch the movie don't listen to haters
 a good movie.....
 aamir is the best... dhoom 3 works big time
 hats off to dhoom 3
 aamir and katrina back with a dhoom!
 another blockbuster by aamir khan
 body beautiful, plus soul
 well worth a watch - even with the sub-titles
 dhoom 3- the best action film of the year!
 truly amazing. enough said!
 soulful entertainer
 dhoom: 3 is nicely crafted and has excellent finish.....
 the man who wasn't there
 simply awesome
 dhoom:3 - sets new benchmark for bollywood movies
 awesome one...
 escapist cinema at its best! aamir is brilliant!
 : chicago is hit by a mysterious thief targeting one bank - can mumbai cop jai dixit catch the shadowy chor?
 5.4, seriously?
 fabulous!
 only mediocrity is safe - dhoom 3 ain't mediocre
 awesome movie with minor flaws
 dhoom 3 is a definite must watch
 good movie
 amazing experience
 the year does end with a dhoom! aamir's performance is brilliant.
 man vs. bank
 hats off aamir for acting, a very nice bollywood movie when compared with other movies. worth to be watched if you see other movies of indian cinema.
 two thumbs up
 dhoom dham
 one of the best action thrillers ever
 circus heists
 awesomeness returns
 great repeat value
 dhoom: 3 defies the stereotypes
 "dhoom: 3," no less a worthy than aamir khan.
 aamir all the way
 a classical cop-n-robber tale with modern treatment and much more
 taare motorcycle par
 decent movie, great work done by aamir khan.
 high circus
 one of the great hindi movie
 dhoom dhoom dhoom= aamir aamir aamir
 to catch a biker
