 epic, badlands kind of film
 guns of wasseypur
 watch it for its execution, performances, music and dialogues but don't expect something fresh in its story content.
 excellent performances marred by poor, repetitive storyline.
 violent & viscous vendetta...
 abundant in expositions and anorexic in turning-points, wasseypur's saga would've worked better as a tv miniseries. on silver-screen, it feels stretched and you feel stressed.
 my anticipation levels were too darn high!
 i wanted to like movie but couldn't
 superb but wont appeal to all
 entertaining documentation with fiction
 gangs of wasseypur(a)---------rating: 3/5 good
 movie ...that could have been a web series
 i think it might be too long
 it is a watchable gang.
 classic
 "here, even a pigeon flies with one wing, and uses the other to guard his innocence."
 kashyap's magnum opus is effortlessly watchable.
 bangs of kasai-pur (butcher-land)
 gulal : redux
 gory, macabre and spellbinding
 movie review profits
 gangs of wasseypur
 it is impossible to forget about taking revenge
 sprawling revenge crime lore
 anurag's best
 an interesting film with terrific performances!
 gangs of wasseypur - definitely worth a watch!
 the director we indians are proud of
 gangs of wasseypur movie review - interesting
 the movie of the year
 a chronicle about sinister fraternity of the crime from the eyes of anurag kashyap
 ‎'gangs of wasseypur' is a visceral epic!
 indian godfather
 boom boom.. dhishoom dhishoom....
 welcome to wasseypur
 best movie
 very rewarding experience
 a gripping real life story
 good ganster series
 great movie
 india out of a nutshell!
 anurag kashyap's magnum opus rightfully made its way straight into imdb top 250
 indian gangster
 what a brilliant movie!!
 dance of rawness, cruelty and rustic yet engaging ruthlessness
 we need audience to love such cinema; for directors to produce such amazing work!
 gangs of wasseypur part ii : a review
 awesome cast! must watch it.
 the best but
 awesome
 a revenge saga that makes us yearn for more.
 cult
 the most standout hindi movies of 2012
 this is bollywood's answer to hollywood.
 a riveting drama spanning decades
 the solitary epic of indian cinema.
 "amazing 5 hours."
 brilliant...just brilliant.
 gangs of wasseypur: crude, violent and enjoyable
 take a bow
 shock therapy masala -- reservoir dogistan pushes the bollywood envelope
 you will never look at indian cinema the same way again..
 epic film - can rewatch anytime
 the storytelling and the direction of this movie is literally genius.
 a once in a lifetime movie !!
 a raw movie
 a class apart !
 this is a glorious, marvellous and the bloodiest masterpiece ever.
 one of the best movies i've ever watched
 epic film on gang wars!!
 sprawling saga of greed, love and crime spanning several decades, states and egos.
 a colossal crime family saga
 a gripping tale of vengeance,anger and violence spanning over three generations
 hater turned lover.
 boundary breaking film !!!
 this is different cinema
 absolute cult
 gangs of wasseypur : awesome awesome !
 its a story that spans over 7 decades and gets in depth about gang wars, crime, hatred, revenge that gets passed on from one generation to another.
 masterpiece!!
 gangs of wasseypur is entertainment entertainment entertainment
 one of the best direction and acting so far
 hardcore reality presented in an honest plate
 the best thing i have ever seen
 outstanding - story, direction, music, performance
 a nutshell review: gangs of wasseypur
 the india gangster epic covering 70 years... masterpiece
 is this film at par with city of god, or slumdog millionaire!? yes! may be ..
 160-odd minutes of sheer cinematic brilliance
 all time cult gangster film from india.
 meet the other 70 % of population in one movie - keh ke le li :)
 the best of bollywood
 a violent opus
 different movie in indian history
 take a bow mr. kashyap!!!
 anurag kashyap: antagonist? protagonist? not my style!
 these violent delights have violent ends and in their triumph die
 masterpiece / movie of the decade
 excellent movie
 a must watch
 love this
 incredible movie
