 lengthy, illogical, but some neat twists and an enjoyable plot. doesn't deserve the hype.
 mediocre by yrf standards. poor lead casting.
 jab tak hai jaan..doesn't take your breath away
 a weak plot beautifully crafted by late yash chopra..
 fairly okay
 an average first half followed by a better second half
 a yash chopra romance....
 clichéd
 average story with good songs, and good acting by shahrukh
 not a perfect swansong for yash chopra but okay
 for love story lovers
 porridge and commercial. the movie won some laps but couldn't touch the line.
 jab tak hain....khan
 only for those whose heart beats for idealistic love stories.....
 jab tak hai jaan - film of two halves
 an honest review of jab tak hay jaan
 a movie of two acts: unfortunately only one of them is any good
 romance : immortal forever
 a simple yet twisted tale of love followed by great performances
 jab tak hai jaan (review)
 fall in love once again!
 the man who cannot die
 stunned! made me believe once again the true power of love
 my review: yash chopra's last romance!!
 a decent film, could have been better
 good according to bollywood standards
 an exuberant, slightly tart romantic approach from yash chopra
 typical bollywood movie... with a twist
 sincere emotions with illogical occupations.
 jab tak hai jaan is the swan song of yash chopra.
 romantic saga
 "i can't quite put my finger on it"
 an emotional blockbuster
 a beautiful swan song which is slightly out of tune
 jab tak hai jaan review: 'yash chopra ends on a high, srk at his best'
 likable...
 sweet, good and enjoyable love story
 another feather to yash ji's cap
 jab tak hai jaan !
 it is good.. :)
 as much as i am a big shahrukh khan fan i must say
 a great and enjoyable movie
 good movie......
 best romantic movie of the year and years to come
 best romance of the decade!!
 jab tak hai jaan (u/a) hindi-----my rating : 4/5 very good
 bearing the magical stamp of a yash chopra romance...
 an epic love-story, from the one an only yash chopra!
 a resoundingly fitting swansong to the legacy of yash chopra
 good romantic movie but not yash chopra's best
 this epic movie is awesome for the emotion drama romance comedy lovely movie.
 must-watch
 his legend will be difficult to match..
 strikes the right chords..
 one of the year's best.....!!!!
 very good to watch, nice to heart !
 an epic saga
 amazing story, good to watch
 a yash chopra romance
 what a display of 'love', splendid !
 technical faults but good love story
 magnificent and epic romance
 the best in recent times !
 an excellent movie with lot of emotions...must watch
 sweet unforgettable love story !
 good story execution but length irritates !
 flawless romance !
 sweet love story
 bold and interesting ! an epic
 movie review: jab tak hai jaan!!
 outstanding
 watch it for srk's acting .. katrina's beauty & dance ,,, anushka's boldness & natural acting
 overall - excellent piece of cinema !
 absolutely deserves an applaud ! epic !!
 good one, after a long time !
 it feels good when a movie receives standing ovation !
 beautiful soulful movie !
 awesome masterpiece by the maestros of romance!
 jab tak hai jaan - bears testimony as to why yash chopra is regarded the best storyteller in the genre of romantic drama & why shah rukh khan is the king of romance...
 his last and his best..
 rarely we call a bollywood movie the masterpiece - jthj is the one !
 one of the best romantic movies.. will be shahrukh's highest grosser..
 a nutshell review: jab tak hai jaan
 jthj
 jab tak hai jaan too good
 a uttermost romantic movie--love redefined
 if u have a good taste in movies .. this is it..!!!
 amazing movie !
 awesome movie to watch
 best jthj
 you can watch this movie again and again jab tak hai jaan.
 jab tak hai jaan and beyond
 beautiful experience !
 immortal forever!
 best of best
 very fitting and emotional
 its just splendid!! amazing, romantic, heart touching, completely entertaining movie of decade!!!
 hats-off to yash chopra and srk
 a complete movie
 sweet good love story
 a romantic saga.. a masterpiece
 jab tak hai jaan
 blockbuster
 a true love saga!!!
