 indian filmmaker anand rai's critique on the institution of marriage.
 a sequel is more fun than original
 kangana steals the show in this clichéd yet entertaining film
 not good as tanu weds manu
 a fun ride overall!
 tanu weds manu returns
 hail kangana's performance...!!!
 a laugh-riot!
 a kangana show but......
 kangana rocks in part ii !!
 good movie, breaking myth that sequels are not as per earlier
 returned with a bang
 watch it for kangana & co.
 two hours of constant fun that just doesn't stop!
 this is an amazing movie
 twmr - entertainment, and some more.
 only for acting but screwed the climax
 kangana remains the undisputed queen...
 twmr is a laugh riot!!! notches above the prequel
 tanu weds manu returns is an absolute entertainer, full of hilarious and eccentric scenes. double dhamaal with kangana's dual roles.
 blockbuster comedy sequel ever
 capturing mark
 an unrealistic storyline made into a thoroughly enjoyable film with a great first half and spellbinding acts from kangna, deepak and zeeshan
 great movie incredible acting
 kangana ranaut u rocked as datto!!!!
 tanu weds manu returns - and how :)
 heartland fun fest
 boy girl meet - marry - then break up - then lead to divorce - do they really get divorced?
 2x kangana
 the best act by a bollywood actress in like ever
 a deep romantic story
 the trick is in being original
 a post-mortem of love & marriage powered with avalanche of sentiments, laughs, tears and emotions
 totally entertaining and wow kangna ranaut
 acting skills
 its entertaining, its awesome.. its a must watch
 all hail the queen of hearts - kangana raunat !!! she is mind blowing and electrifying ..
 one of the most confident performances of recent times!
 love it
 kangana at her best..
 bollywood returns with tanu and manu
 banno tera picture laage sexy
 this is what movies are made for: pure entertainment!
 best sequel ever made
 an amazing dramatic comedy script writing and marvelous acting by all characters
 performances that will steal your heart
 complete entertainer
 one of the funniest comedies in recent times!!
 what exactly is love, how different it is in worldly language and in religious way
 awesome movie
 simplicity make it worthy, a must watch!
 a perfect sequel created after such a long time - award winning performance by kangana!
 the real queen is here and is even better with this one !
 wow - just wow!
 must say that bollywood is evolving
 must watch
 kangana - the perfect hero of bollywood
 it is one of the best films i have ever seen.
 awesome
 a ture artist star is born named kanagna ranaut!
 a perfect blend.
 awesome movie
 can definitely engrave its name in "the best movies of bollywood ever!!"
 unexpectedly good watch
 it's certain! ‪kangana‬ is the queen of the hindi film industry today
 a must watch & a brilliant masterpiece
 very good movie
 probably the among best movie released in past some years
 desi batman tale...
 must watch, best double role in 100 years of bollywood
 another epic!
 kangana is just awesome
 a must watch movie for people who like non abusive comedy..a true family movie
 twmr = witty & comic dialogues + earthy dialects + superb acting + perfect casting
 128 minutes of laughing riot
 what a splendid film
 good positive change of bollywood
 better than the first movie
