 great film but disappointing ending
 feel-good, funny and tear-inducing - all at the same time !
 sridevi is back with a bang
 sweet family drama
 a simple, funny, engaging and touching experience
 sreedevi as the ideal indian wife
 of soulful sentiment & sunny smiles
 a surprise packet of laddu..............
 thoughtful, funny, entertaining... excellent performance
 sridevi all along!
 a worth watching flick about a housewife's self-pride which neither offends people fond of using english nor forgets to feel proud of our own indian language.
 feel good
 worth watching of 2+ hours
 worth your time
 success
 good movie overall, but i found one of the main characters to be insufferable!!
 a woman just needs little respect!!!
 genuine plot that instantly connects....
 a sweet laddoo
 cannot speak english? be humiliated in india!
 a great approaching base story
 family entertainer
 a very realistic portrayal of indian household
 refreshing movie about self-esteem and family values
 english vinglish ∞ the class for earning self respect ∞
 a funny, poignant story of a mother's self discovery.
 i'm more than a laddu maker!
 a delightful film that must be appreciated of its simplicity in delivering an important message.
 welcome back sri!
 an uplifting film
 if taare zameen par was a must watch for parents, this movie is for children
 english vinglish - sridevi sweeps it all
 worth the money
 serene sri back with glee
 inspire to watch this movie
 amazing movie
 bestest movie of sri devi...
 english made easy; surprisingly wise and entertaining
 little overdone but delicious nevertheless
 suggest as nominee for the oscars...instead of "barfi"...if i may !
 possitive messages.
 made me happy i love sridevi
 vintage sridevi returns and delights
 simple, sweet and warmly watchable bollywood movie !
 deserves all the praise!
 english vinglish
 english vinglish - beautiful sheautiful
 cute and adorable story
 simply beautiful
 english vinglish (2012)..... fabulous acting and story.......
 wonderful
 a classic tale of an indian woman struggling to establish her identity and respect
 superb movie with some really touching moments
 a fantastic movie. loved watching it
 sridevi makes remarkable comeback
 sri proved her mettle once again...after 15 years....the original queen of bollywood is back !!
 a heart touching simple motivational story helps you connect people u come across
 this is the film of 2012.
 perfect comeback for sridevi
 sridevis super comeback
 this is what they call a real indian movie
 perfect movie for weekend
 must watch
 about mehdi nebbou
 based on true facts..
 lighthearted movie with a serious message
 a masterclass of sridevi and gauri shinde
 shows how a mom earns respect which was always hers!
 i love shashi
 sometime you forget to love yourself
 a nutshell review: english vinglish
 clap! clap! clap!
 a very heart touching and beautiful story
 cried twice when i watched in morning and evening when i played just the final speech
 the queen has returned
 never feel you are low than others.
 beautiful film
 a wonderful inspiring story with a breakout actress!!!
 excellent feel good movie - one of the best!
 its a feel good movie. sridevi is superb in the movie. i would say please watch it.
 what a fantastic movie about respect!
 a no nonsense masterpiece from bollywood after a long time.
 simply excellent. very well made. hats off to sridevi and theme of this movie.
 feel good all the way! in love with sridevi all over again!
 english vinglish - hindi (u)----my rating: 5/5 mega hit..
 its more about vinglish than english! brilliant and must watch!
 numero uno in its class
 sridevi is back with a bang!!!
 amazing movie with a amazing message
 this is what we expect from sridevi!!!!!!!!!!!hilarious and riveting!!!
 worderful emotional art work
 it's beyond expectations
 sridevi the first female superstar of bollywood.
