 untold saga of a brave person, who fought and died for justice
 a dull film with no notable mistakes
 a nice biography of shahid azmi
 the story of manhood
 shahid, law aur gangster.
 amazing
 a must watch for those who is sick of bollywood bakwas masala. a very remarkable movie!!!
 my review: honest, relevant and important!!
 stabs directly into our heart.
 fictitious yet not hard to believe.
 shahid fights for human rights and wins the national award.
 must watch movie
 an incredible life story portrayed with courage
 eventually, both the killer and his victim are human beings
 an account of a lawyer, who stood for greater good!
 this movie is exact mirror of our society
 a gem
 summary
 justice delayed is justice denied!!!!!!
 thumbs up
 a strong evidential piece of cinema that enlightens!
 a must watch for its superb performances and for the man, who never lived for himself.
 forget chennai express, krrish 3 and dhoom 3. shahid is 2013's best film
 a must watch thought-provoking-emotional-thriller.
 brave and beautiful!
 bollywood's realism to cinema, storytelling and performance
 a movie based on reality for a cause
 a must watch
 one of the best biopic & film of our era.
 one of the most realistic films to come out in recent times!
 very thought provoking
 awesome movie - thanks to hansal mehta and anurag k
 i carve for courage.....where are those who were proud of humanity.
 shahid ! nice movie after a long time
 a movie made honestly.
 hansal mehta's film on the real-life slain lawyer shahid azmi is fearless work
 the best film i've watched recently!!!
 awesome film and awesome acting by rajkumar. hats off to the director.
 best movie i have ever seen.
 "shahid the shaheed (martyr)"
 best hindi movie of the year 2013.
 hard hitting...
 a very good movie
 terrific!
 great story
 you can't miss it
 honest and real
 intense, engrossing film based on a true hero ... shahid
 it's true.
 it is truly a master class film!
 a must watch!
 an excellent movie
 a gem of a movie!!!
 a wonderful gem that should not be missed by a fan of films.
