 boring
 imdb , please add 0 * option for the movies like this
 stupid mindless movie, giving a 1 star would be overrating
 brainless action flick by srk
 it is beyond belief how this movie got good reviews
 one of the worse movies i have ever seen.
 boring!!!!!!!!!!! waste of time and money
 it sucks big time. big insult to common sense and intelligence.
 utter drivel
 there must be an option to give 0 rating to srk movies.
 bokwaas - the power of bogus marketing
 awful disgrace.
 boring, stale and waste of time
 could not take it
 a total waste of time
 heavily marketed big pile of garbage
 worst movie of all time
 an all out attempt to pander to south india gone terribly wrong!
 strictly for shahrukh fans
 the most terrible indian movie i have ever seen
 beginning of the worst era of bollywood
 waste of time and money
 awful
 atrocious
 stupid film, didn't like it at all
 average comedy and over-acting
 worst movie of 2013
 the most over-rated potboiler of the decade (so far) ♦ 20%
 overacting....
 worst movie!!
 stupid masala film
 3rd class movie
 just any other movie
 chennai express, not so expressive...
 disappointing however: better than many srk farces and rohit shetty school of craps
 highly disappointing film from rohit & srk
 i thought this was cliched and terrible
 rohit shetty stop fooling
 a sore disappointment
 personally: sharukhs over acting was spoil sport
 thoroughly entertaining
 one of worst hyped movies of 2013
 a pretentious and mediocre effort with lot of money wasted.
 and there goes another generation !!
 rubbish and boring
 just like any other average masala entertainer
 chennai express is made for kids. watch it at your own risk.
 the disappointment of 2013!
 the movie as a whole wont let you feel like you wasted 200 bucks or so..
 shahrukh you have grown up, please allow your roles to too
 only hard core shahrukh khan fans can digest this movie
 don't expect good movie
 i want my 2 hours back...
 over-the-top shah rukh khan minus the headache
 being an indian just 4 star
 this express is hardly worth your money!
 no really sharukh khan movies
