 a good film missing that powerful punch but nothing close to a masterpiece.
 this kite doesn't soar too high....
 kai po che is a good movie but it just missed the bullseye!
 not as good as the book
 a well-acted film!
 hackneyed. we've seen all of it before.
 brimming niceties, fantastic performances & a scintillating ode to friendship (& its destruction)!
 a good adaptation of the novel.
 sincere attempt
 decent watch but
 bromance+cricket+religion = kai po che!!
 abhishek kapoor's skillful adaptation of chetan bhagat's prosaic novel makes kai po che a rich and engaging experience overall, however the first half is a tad predictable
 must watch for a well told story and great editing
 lovely movie - but biased
 good movie
 kai po che! could have been one of the best hindi movies ever. but...
 quite an entertaining treat you enjoy watching.
 disaaapointed
 sweet but sugar is less
 this one is for sushant
 untitled
 this kite will fly very in the sky
 watch it for the direction, intensity and simplicity! a treat.
 you won't make a mistak !
 a 'good slice of life' type film
 superb adaptation
 made a mediocre book look good
 meticulously crafted crowd-pleaser
 movie review::kai po che
 intense and character-driven friendship movie
 kai po che!
 beautiful portrayal indeed!
 a beautifully potrayed drama
 perfect casting for the novel!!
 blender's price
 great film
 kai po che
 a proof that brilliance still hasn't vanished from bollywood...
 great but fictional story
 kai po che review
 a meaningful story embedded in actual historic events
 absolutely heart touching story
 a story of 3 friends in the backdrop of historical events
 life outlook and feeling
 a real kai po che experience!
 engaging tale of friendship
 cricket, love, friendship, passion, politics.... phew... what a film!
 my oh my!!!!
 the best movie of the year so far..
 the young starcast pulls it through....
 spellbinding, enthralling, amazing and so on...
 best adaptation movie in indian cinema
 best film in 2013 so far
 a journey down the memory lane
 kai po che makes you laugh , cry , thrilled , excited and inspired. it is simply irresistible
 one of the best for 2013
 kai po che - no mistakes, our life
 just go...don't wait...:)
 kai po che - beautiful and brilliant
 a subtle feel good movie.
 best patriotic movie
 feel good movie
 amazing story
 one of the best underrated films of bollywood
 the three aspirants with their own imperfections.
 mind blowing film!!
 3 mistakes of my life - no mistake on this one..
 friendship, passion, cricket, politics
 satire on the existing state of affairs in india
 bromance in full swing
 kai po che is a tale of 3 childhood friends set in ahemdabad,gujarat who start a business together.how their lives changes after that forms the rest of the story.
 blockbuster!!!
 kai po che defines "good cinema".
 fabulous presentation
 this is a masterpiece
 kai po che...an ode to true friendship..
 absolutely phenomenal..
 underrated
 real acting real friendship
 damn good
 full on entertainment.. friendship+cricket+politics = awesome treat
 very well narrated...
 a simply fabulous watch!!! :)
 masterpiece- must watch
 must watch!
 awesome movie
 a nutshell review: kai po che!
 all about sushant
 woooooow
 sushant singh rajput !!
 only for sushant singh rajput sir
 best movie 👌👌👌
 a classic
 don't watch these reviews go and watch this movie you must love this
 awesome movie shushant
 woooooooooooooooooooow.
