 if u have read the books then avoid it
 skip it, read the book
 an unconvincing love story, but the parents steal the show
 the over length kills an otherwise fine film but you can still watch it for the fresh first hour & many good supporting performances
 full time pass
 another average bollywood masala movie
 average movie
 sweet and charming film- good chemistry of lead couple
 2 states but 1 typical hindi movie
 exaggerated screenplay and storyline
 amazing
 a tamil girl writes to bollywood after watching 2 states movie
 2 states review
 my review: worth watching once!!
 sweet and cute love story
 as a non reader of book its quite entertaining without setting anything new,,,,but same can't be said for those who have read it.....
 definitely a one time watch...!!
 not as convincing as the novel but still enjoyable
 '2 states' indeed reduces the gap between the two states. enjoy this﻿
 2 states is cheerful, fun, real and rugged
 well sometimes movie is better than the book
 funny and nuanced
 funny and smart, and detailed oriented on ethnic nuancds
 2 states (2014)
 worth watching
 chetan bhagat's fans, here is your treat
 2 states one family
 a must one time watch
 2 states is a good romantic movie with alia and ronit's superb performance.
 an elegant entertainer!!
 typical bollywood stories... one time watchable
 good movie..but gets boring till the end.
 predictable conclusion, effervescent journey
 the politics & apolitics of marriage. ♦ 88%
 entertainer - beautifully done.
 the tale of a great and a dead half!
 a beautiful and adorable love tale with absolute adequate drama
 my review on '2 states'.
 justify the book
 a tamil ponnu and a gora chitta punjabi's 2 good love story
 a beautiful reflection of hindu marriages
 excellent - heart warming
 pure love story of different state in india
 simple story well said
 well made storyline
 amazing!
 a new insight added to the novel storyline!!!!!
 lets bring our families together
 a delightful watch for a brilliantly executed movie.......
 simple storyline but worth watching
 if review is for the book, 10 out of 10
 one of the best bollywood movies ever
 a must watch ....
 a great movie with a great story
 a winner!
 college life-funny-emotional fully dedicated
 marriage and love redefined!
 the national melodrama
 another refreshing movie based on chetan bhagat's novel.
 watch it...not only once but 2-3 times
 locha e ulfat, and mast magan your way to watching 2 states!!!!
 a combo package with some good melodious songs and good story in it!
 awesome movie, pleasant music.
 a true adaptation to the novel and a brilliant edition in today's mainstream cinema!
 a delightful watch for a brilliantly executed movie.......
 good if it is happen in real
 best movie of 2014
 it has 2 sides to it..
