 a tale of two halves
 perfect example of how a novel love story angle gets diluted in the overstuffed execution on screen.
 dhanush stuns in his debut!
 worth a watch for dhanush & rest of the cast
 amazing!
 dhanush wins,raanjhanaa doesn't...
 1st half rocks you away but the second makes you hate it..
 love and its many shades
 movie with its heart in right place..... outstanding effort.
 movie oscillates between immortal and practical love
 when love makes you do things you never expected
 a heartfelt romantic saga
 flawed .. yet, definitely worth a watch !
 rare delight
 a beautiful romantic cum political drama.....
 watch it for dhanush,a r rahman's music,dialogues and lastly banaras.
 a near shakespeare tragedy
 watch it... for it's not a run of the mill love story!!
 rarely decent love story...
 a well-acted & well-written film!
 realistic perception
 a painstaking pursuit of love
 story where love stands all above with humor comedy
 good movie..& lovely performance by dhanush ..but the background music is not good.
 raanjhana is sparkling , elegant and colorful. watch it for dhanush
 made my day
 a great entertainer, with a hint of mystery
 love's labour's lost and salvation of kundan
 a beautifully honest love story
 a goddamn epic love story with it's heart touching bliss of charm. :')
 sonam shines!
 wow!!
 raanjhanaa : deep and deadly romance
 raanjhanaa : up, close and personal
 a benaras hindu boy fells in live with a rich muslim girl. the girl loves another person .can he find his love amongst all odds.
 second half is more endearing
 worth all your money!
 a film which captures the soul of small town india and the naivety of youth
 raanjhnaa...!!!
 better than most cliché bolly offerings...
 raanjhanaa: a story of impossible love
 breathe taking movie
 awesome and emotional
 my review: fall in dangerous love!!
 very nice movie
 very strong romantic drama in the backdrop of politics. ♦ 83%
 love story close to reality.......loved it.
 ranjhanna 4.5/5
 a nice romantic up and down with a great ending......
 ranjhnaa is a realistic love story rather than another regular bollywood romcom
 romantic saga with desi flavor
 love -- with a different view !!
 one of the finest films i have ever seen
 it is a feeling. . . . . . .which came to me at the very end!
 complete package
 tamil cinema is better than mumbai cinema.loved it.
 must watch..!!
 must watch
 one of the best from bollywood!
 different and superb
 exxxxcellent movie
 the most incredible love story
 raanjhanaa #ambikapathy : a good love story briefed in better way.
 the ubiquitous and conspicuous first love
 fabulous
 a fresh new approach to love stories
 simply awesome!! worth watching love story
 bollywood's one of the finest.
 the fuel that drives love can sometime drives us far away
 pleasant motion picture.
 a must watch movie.
 awesome and you can watch it more than one time.
 a movie with a great story to tell
 as raw as love can be!
 simple awesome
 lovely movie
 well done dhanush!
 dhanush all the way!
 this movie belong to dhanush !!!
 to love something or someone and destroyed by it completely (fanaa) is the life's truer eminence, the movie pretty much ends with this concept .
 a must watch
 loved it. lived it. enjoyed the end.
 10/10
 just perfect!
 a good time pass movie !
 it's time for the fever of ranjhnaa
 finally a breath of fresh air!!!
 raanjhanaa a materpiece in its own right
 nice movie
 dhanush, dhanush & dhanush, take a bow man
 raanjhanaa - dhanush + ar.rahman equals magic!
 ranjhaana- -emotions galore!!
 unique
 daring
 dhanush: welcome to bollywood!!
 come fall in love ... banarasi style
 dhanush & a strong support cast shocks the audience with awe inspiring raanjhanaa
 ready for a roller coaster ride which bangs your heart and mind
 must see movie!; not a typical going to america bollywood movie
 a must watch movie for everyone
