 decency was the highest expectation for this movie for me and thankfully it was decent ....
 a stupid fun movie
 100% entertainer-a desi diwali bash from farah khan
 6.5 out of 10
 decent movie but go with "right" expectations!
 healthy family neat-n-clean entertainer
 happy new year
 my review: happy but nothing new!!
 time-pass if you have least expectation from the movie and ofcouse if you don't have anything to do !!
 leave your brains at home,and watch this movie
 movie doesn't good
 average attempt
 simply putting in one world, enterthrilltaining.
 a below average movie
 don't try finding vitamins in fast food
 good movie
 entertainment for whole family
 srk and entertainment!!
 not crappy, will make you feel happy!
 a family entertainer
 complete package of romance,comedy and drama!
 totally coool
 unoriginal storyline but pretty damn funny.
 a good entertaining masala movie
 a happy, fun film.... a tribute to shahrukh khan from shahrukh himself!!!
 a srk-farah entertainer for family audience
 riot of laughter!
 should watch if you have enough time
 get laughter attacks with your family.
 entertaining movie.
 happy new year (u/a) hindi ------------ my rating: ★★★½ second half saves the movie
 there's some things movies can tell, for everything else, there's documentaries.
 the great diwali blast
 an entertainer with mistakes
 a decent watch!
 a 10 only for climax medly and srk ab and deepika and vishal-shekar
 excellent tp movie !
 fun musical, great dancing
 an entertaining and fun movie...loved it!
 completely misunderstood! i loved it
 this is the story of a team who attempts to steal diamonds by entering in a dance competition to reach atlantis hotel in dubai...
 shah rukh khan and deepika and abhishek
 happy new year review: a family comedy perfect for yours.
 go for it a perfect entertainer with a message ////
 a feeling of goosebumps go india wale!
 spectacular treat
 laugh riot
 hny is a complete surprise .....................
 funny and light
 worth the time! will thrill, entertain and make you laugh at the same time
 a brilliant directed film with a big star cast
 by far the best entertainer of 2014
 entertaining
 great family entertainer
 visually stunning hny is a great entertainer!!!
 happy new year and s r k rocks!!!!
 "there are two types of people in the world..."
 surprisingly fun
 just the right touch
 great movie
 entertainment, entertainment, entertainment and hny is entertainment
 flawless
 a must watch movie with family..
 its a full on entertainer!!!
 it's fantastic ...with superb acting and screenplay
 good job hny team
 you need to expireance happy new year yourself..i bet you'll regret if u don't.. honestly i can't put it into words.. shah rukh khan just smashed it..
 the best bollywood masala movie till date... i mean it..
 mind blowing performance and outstanding humor! you will enjoy right throughout.
 good time pass movie
 a very happening movie, indeed!
 loved the movie...
 amazingly superb & full entertainter
 the full on entertainment
 you need to experience happy new year yourself..i bet you'll regret if u don't.. honestly i can't put it into words.. shah rukh khan just smashed it..
 revenge...dance event
 mind blowing performances
 superb,cinematic excellence
