 reality cinema about an important history of indian politics with no commercial adulteration
 real story
 tight and gripping account on the sri lankan civil war and rajiv gandhi assassination.
 could have been much better
 one would like it if you been tortured by recent bollywood movies
 stereotypically modified-original story, standing on crooked roots. ♦ 55%
 acting and play out suffers
 100 for attempt. 50 for execution
 not must watch yet somewhat it is
 choose madras over chennai. it is crisp, clean and clear.
 well directed, well shot, but not well acted.
 riveting, exciting, watchable!
 startling and compelling.
 packs a punch!
 bold movie let down by the acting
 appreciative effort but not anything more..
 real content always wins! madras cafe is excellent.
 intense!
 a sensitive story was told in a fantastic way!
 if movies will be made like this in india, i'll stop watching hollywood
 it made me revisit vardi waala gunda on celluloid
 seriously good spy thriller
 courageous effort by john abraham
 well written ,well executed ,poorly acted..!
 madras cafe - a well shot, focused attempt to make a fine political thriller which strictly lacks a lot for the common man.
 my review: what a cafe to be in!!
 objective portrayal of ltte struggle
 perfectly blended coffee .... well served madras cafe !!
 a challenging & brave espionage political thriller
 riveting! tragic! thoughtful!
 you can not afford to miss this cafe.
 must watch movie!!
 well-directed political thriller concerning the turmoil in 1990s sri lanka.
 a potpourri of vestiges review: indian filmmaker shoojit sircar's intelligent political thriller
 madras café is high in caffeine;in right sense.
 now thats high stuffs
 best indian espionage spy thriller
 thumbs up to sircar's sincere effort !!!
 madras cafe is one of those rare movies which has its scenes inspired from a great movie and an inspiration in itself as well
 first real espionage thriller from india
 a very very good watch !!
 one of the best unbiased movie on the island issue.
 killing is the name...
 shoojit sircar's excellence
 this film means business.
 what could have been one of the best political thrillers, ends up being a different story with too many holes.
 a genre that has never been worked before in india....
 general
 fiction comes from the facts.
 overall a great political thriller in recent times!
 as good as blood diamond and green zone...
 probably the best movie of it's genre from the indian sub continent
 worth a watch!!
 best movie of the year: well almost
 best movie of 2013 so far !
 plot is gripping
 madras cafe the reality of another war
 the movie that reveals the the truth of ex pm's assassination
 one of the best film
 well scripted and well executed
 a great effort and a gem just one week after chennai express.
 great work. must watch thriller
 madras cafe : intercept this truth !
 a parallel fiction to the real event
 treat which awakens your senses !!! simply outstanding political thriller....
 a solid political espionage thriller!
 pure masterpiece
 film making at it best.......
 a story just waiting to be told...
 get ready to be served at this cafe..............
 hollywood in bollywood
 bollywood grows up
 best hindi movie i ever watched
 probably best spy espionage thriller since munich
 a good thrilling watch
 wow!!!... intellectual, gallant and a brave factual work of cinema... caution: miss this at your own risk.!!!
 one of the best political conspiracy thrillers... awesome !!!
 john and shoojit team is much better than ajay and rohit shetty.no fake actions no stupid jokes
 kudos to indian cinema
 a tale well told: superb movie by shoojit sircar.
 madras cafe you beauty, not everyone's coffee!!!
 goosebumps
 no words for the movie best movie ever 😍
 one of the best movies from bollywood..
 heart-wrenching political thriller which is sure to give you goose bumps
 madras cafe deserves an audience
 good attempt of thriller by indian industry
 one of the best offering from b town in recent time
 intelligent, gripping and a raw thriller, a must watch for everyone.
 one word: ultimate!
 best political thriller of bollywood ever
 madras cafe is superbly refreshing
 brilliant stuff just watch this movie and you will remember this movie for life time
 and i say that this is my all time fav thriller and it is for sure ....
 one of the best movie's of bollywood.
 amazing.
 very well written and directed movie
 best movie in hindi
 i wish it had more stars
 best political thriller i have seen so far!!!.... excellent creation by shoojit sircar!!!
