 waste of time and money
 100% copied from knight and day .. utterly disappointed !!!
 the title felt like punching on your face with each scene unfolding -- script less and awfully copy-ful
 !!~ waste of money and time ~!!
 lousy, cheesy remake. felt like banging my head on my punching bag.
 horrible.
 worst movie ever
 atrocious movie. this movie gav me a headache.
 why hrithik.....why this torture
 bang bang- a combination of failure and insensibility
 disappointing.... " the movie title i guess, suggests the viewer to bang their head continuously on whatever they find to make the sound bang bang".
 had the movie been shorter, i would have lost a bit less time
 tired of remakes....
 story fully copied from movie called knight and day
 grow up!
 abysmal piece of cinema and echoing insult to film-making
 bang bang (2014)
 worst movie ever - do it to your head, twice - bang bang
 dump copy of knight and day
 the bad copy of knight and day
 boring adaptation
 watch if you want a headache
 rating says it all
 again a bakwas by bollywood. hiritik just lost some respect !!
 waste of money
 i want to bang my head
 can be renamed as dumb dumb!
 same story as "day and knight"
 not my style
 watch day and knight instead
 overly filmed action and imaginary story
 dubbed version would have been better
 another replica
 :(
 watch the original knight and day instead of bang bang
 not a worth movie to watch !!
 sick & tired of copy paste in the name of remake
 waste of a movie
 full copy of night and day
 bang bang, yes i am still banging my head for the stupid decision i made to watch the film,
 great action but no script
 total waste of money and time.
 copy paste of knight and day
 bollywood remake of knight n day ...
 fails to rise above the routine glossy stuff over stressing on its shallow romance & well shot action sequences.
 just watch the original knight & day again!
 stop stop....mediocrity alert!!!
 brain is replaced by bullets and blasts
 dint bang as expected.
 copied from hollywood film
 bade remake of night and day
 a colossal bore !!
 only noise, no impact
 worst story, really tests your patience level...
 bang your head
 a mindless action film...
 i knew film will not work, because i had full trust on director siddharth anand...!!!
