 a collaboration of the finest actors conveying a peculiarly lovable tale.
 a nice movie for the weekends
 good entertaining offbeat film
 power packed performance in a flat movie
 the movie does take some time to build on you but will never fail you
 superbly acted, but uneven!
 it's a film about finding an old postman's love
 short and sweet journey which ends only to make mockery of fanny
 finding fanny : oddballs caught in a time warp
 good but not great
 for most people, love is lost not because it is said, but as it remains unsaid.
 humans die but love does don't..... oooo fany re
 india's "wes anderson" film
 a quirky tale with a soul
 a road trip into the nature of love
 a movie worth watching!
 it's a joyride with fantastic performances
 lovely to watch.
 while a bit thin on plot (like most road movies), it's enjoyable and very different from the usual offerings from india
 very very good film
 refreshingly good, simple, and feel good comedy, with its own share of ignorable flaws
 delicious, quirky characters add fizz to this funny film
 just find a theatre to watch this fantastic movie :-)
 wonderful cast, lovely movie
 a different way to see bollywood
 only for a niche audience!
 finding fanny is all about being fresh..... :)
 excellent change-up from the regular bollywood fare
 so mature in its content and narration!
 awesome dark movie
 finding fany is simply flawless since it caters to a specific sect of the audience.
 a very charming film
 the great goan ballad
 many would love it, a few would not but watch it for its fresh feel and performances, especially for pankaj kapoor & deepika.
 loved the movie and loved the message!
 a classic road movie
 fantastic movie with very simple story
 not for the indian masses
 dark humor served with sweet sunshine
 a susegaad paced fun film !!
 finding home.
 to start with i am impressed
 amazing movie! a must watch for people who love quirky off-beat films.
 brilliantly odd, refreshingly different
 excellent movie
