 well worth taking the pride of the ticket ...
 flawed but hak is full of beautiful mature emotions, and great acting. if only the story was as good, still a one time watch for sure!
 modern treatment to an old story.....
 an inconsistent, yet watchable tragic love-story!
 emran rocks, unconvincing climax, overall one time watchable for the dialogues and performances!
 very touching love story
 musical journey of a true love story..
 good movie
 every beautiful thing has flaws in it. every beautiful films also gets some negative reviews.
 the challenges of grass route belief system
 emotions triumphs over everything
 hamari adhuri kahani is a movie about those who dare to leave their love for the sake of love. watch this to feel love.
 excellent film! great direction, acting and story! don't listen to the critics!
 a sentimental journey
 must watch at least once
 a soft romantic film. loved everything about it.
 love, death & arum lillies
 what's with all the negativity? the movie is freaking awesome <3
 love is blind but beautiful as here the lead actor fell in love with a florist.
 don't judge by the overall rating. must watch!
 in the era where all the movie rotate around stunts and stupid songs,a different movie which shows what really love is.
 sensitive topic kept under 'carpet'
 beautiful romance
 movie is so good ...
 don't call it adhuri...
 love - a by-product of respect, trust and understanding.
 mohit suri brings romance back on screen
 sensitive story of every woman
 excellent movie and touching.
 simply amazing ( it started off a bit slow but overall loved it )
 brilliant performance by emraan hashmi
 an excellent movie to watch
 this made me realize what true love is !!!
 very heart touching movie
 don't believe the critic.....
 beautiful movie
 amazing movie, thanks a lot makers
 a refreshing love story without any usual predictable bollywood masala
 really heart touching movie
 best hindi film ever! emraan hashmi stole the show!
 wow!!
 one of the rare movies which shows the untouched depth of love !!
 a good romantic film
 excellent direction, storyline and lyrics
 excellent film! great direction, acting and story! don't listen to the critics!
 outstanding
 masterclass
 beautiful film!!!
 one of best emraan hashmi films ever
 piece of art
 must wacth ! to every person who love someone by heart.
 one of best emraan hashmi film
