 don't trust the low rating
 phantom -- wish the story was true
 indian james bond censored for family audience
 well-made movie, though i have mixed feelings
 don't listen to the low ratings
 i don't agree with you critics....
 a film you wish was true, because india just wants justice. on the lines of a baby and d-day
 an engrossing action-thriller!
 a story you really wished was true
 worth spending 2 hours if not much bothered by ratings.
 best action spy thriller film
 it is a good movie
 cooool
 watchable
 a good effort
 don't believe all the negative reviews
 the message is loud and clear
 in the end scene, she should have emptied the other cup into the sea behind her.
 it"s about pending justice
 phantom-a story you really wish were true!
 feels like an hollywood movie
 a sure blockbuster with wrong casting of protagonist
 proud to be an indian
 the climax gets my rating to 8-else a pretty ok-ok watch
 really good movie ....... must watch
 perfect movie
 a tit for tat of a story
 unfairly slammed
 great
 don't listen bad reviews they all are paid
 pretty good indian spy thriller
 saif's best movie
 clap for indian audience
 unexpected miracle from saif!
 phantom review - a true indian film that hits the right notes....
 superb political thriller, brilliant direction and fab acting !
 best indian movie- phantom
 phantom is better than perfect
 surprised to see low ratings
 kabir khan's movie blockbuster!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 low points/bad reviews just because pakistani don't want to see the possible reality
 excellent movie. educational and not typical bollywood romantic movie.
 spreading awareness to curb terrorism
 an action packed thriller way under-praised than what it actually is......
 fantastic,brilliant,awesome
 great phantomobolous movie
 excellent stuff, great action & superb production values
 people voting down movie because of theme of movie is not fair
 a story you wish was true
 really a masterpiece, better than most of the bollywood movies
 a dream of every indian
 love it or hate it...... i loved it!
 it's a great movie
 mind-blowing most underrated movie
 a great movie
 dont go with the ratings
 beautiful script ...good acting ( saif )... great action...it just released few yey early...if it had released in 2018-19 it would have done really well at box office..
 highly recommended. movie lover's paradise.
 superb movie👌👌👌👍
 one of the best patriotic movies of bollywood
 the indian audience deserve movies like "love story 2050 , dilwale , prem ratan dhan payo"..
