 worst and boring movie
 the most boring movie i have ever seen.
 hard to believe 'bollywood' is still making such clichéd movies
 abysmally awful
 total disappointment.
 most overrated movie and a waste of time
 a low iq movie, don't believe those 10/10 fake reviews!
 waste of time and money.do yourself a favor and skip it.
 not recommended ( this review may contain spoilers )
 extremely dumb movie
 lame ratan dhan payo.
 horrible torturous long musical movie
 awful... 2+ hours torture...
 an awful movie
 these 10/10 are paid reviews don't believe them.see review patterns
 total waste of time and money
 totally boring movie
 don't even expect the usual rajshri family sanskar overdose
 awful...wanted to rate this movie as 0 but imdb doesn't have it
 a complete boring movie!
 if you have an iq of a retard, you will like this
 its rajshri worst movie
 prem ratan dhan khayo!
 ekta kapoor's daily soaps on sleeping pills.
 review ----full of spoilers
 seriously?
 felt like i was watching an indian serial...terrible even for salman khan
 utter boring
 complete mess!
 copy cat ate a rat... sooraj r barjatya.. so badly copied this movie.. no originality
 worst acting
 poor acting ... poorer script!
 awful!!!!
 sexist lyrics but catchy tunes
 not again!!!
 copy cat ate a rat...
 not the sooraj barjatya type of movie we have come to love and cherish
 good music. awful story
 too boring
 horrible
 the prisoner of zenda with an indian touch
 a well picturize movie for no sense - such a non sense ( in other words )
 barjatya's labour of love!
 old wine in new bottle
 the movie is about how to waste our money and time in cinemas.
 garbage
 this time, it's boring also. and highly patriarchal. and lame.
 not entertaining and funny like i expected
 big mistake is what it is!
 prem ratan dhan payo is a big letdown with poor direction, wafer-thin plot and messy drama. if you are a die-hard fan of salman, watch it otherwise skip it
 unbalanced mixture of family emotions, action and thrill
 outdated star-movie
 not worth the wait......
 a total waste of time
 its a rotten fruit served on a gold plate with gold spoon.!!
 double salman but not double the fun!
 waste of time
 one of the worst movie in salman khan's career
 wasn't expecting such a weak and badly written film from the reputed makers.
