 a revenge served too cold
 screenplay and performance compliments each other
 big on name, low on content
 great but some mistakes
 average movie
 family love and faith is very important in our life
 badla revaing
 dubing movie of koliwood
 crime effective movie with action
 thought provoking take on the revenge genre
 revenge, passion and agony
 a dark and clever revenge saga......
 it's about revenge, all about revenge.
 it had potential but...
 slow-burning revenge, indian-style
 a killer axe matures to become good, a good tree evolves to become sinister!!
 nawaz rocks in a brilliant thriller !!
 good revenge saga but could have been better
 its a new entry in neo noir genre.
 return to form for mr. raghavan
 a unique, dark, surreal revenge thriller with some flaws, but with great performances throughout. (spoiler of all the violent content in the movie)
 insanely brilliant and brilliantly insane! watch this movie for nawaz
 confusing for masses and masterpiece for classes.
 gooood
 decent movie one time watch
 revolving around crime
 revenge like a badlapur
 review
 badla means revenge, it also means change
 solid thriller from bollywood
 badlapur
 sriram is back
 new revenge formula for raghavan's skookum venture
 though its second half & climax is bound to meet mixed responses, still do watch it for the director's crafty execution & all intense performances as a must.
 an audacious work of sriram raghavan that leaves you with a bitter taste.
 man is the cruelest animal
 finally a good varun dhawan movie.
 must watch "once"!!!
 i have another ending for badlapur
 a strong message has been given by this matured movie.
 revnege shown in a way worth watching
 awesome! grim, gritty and gruesome!
 well directed - a must watch movie
 the streets of crime can also lead sometimes to empathy- this strong message has been given by this matured movie.
 a story of change and revenge
 an intense revenge saga
 varun in different avatar
 great thriller, not what i expected
 acting treat to the viewers along with a great thrilling direction
 badlapur review: dark, thrilling, emotional, great entertainer
 badlapur - appropriate name for the movie
 different movie with interesting character development
 director's movie
 badlapur : dark and stark!
 this revenge is worth cherishing
 a taut thriller with plenty of good action from the entire cast
 a revenge story at its best
 unusual , breaking stereo types of bollywood revenge stories!
 well written characters
 badlapur is a noir revenge caper that is entertaining enough to keep you glued to your seats because of brilliant execution and towering performances
 watch it to think!
 badlapur is one of the best thrillers ever made in indian cinema.
 badlapur - the better work from ace director sriram, after 'agent vinod'
 this is what i call real cinema!
 totally worth movie
 revenge can send people on a journey that will take em places far darker than they would have ever dared go before.
 a perfect tribute to chan-wook park's vengeance series
 haunting
 who was protagonist and who was antagonist? a very tough question after watching this.
 terrific acting by varun dhawan
 abig yes.
 a beautiful depiction of human behaviour..
 how far would you go for love?
 definitely worth a watch for its characters
 there is a very thin line between revenge & crime ‼ which makes it hard to decide ‼ who's good & who's bad
 a must watch .. !!
 badlapur movie review – it is everything a movie is supposed to be
 revenge is a dish better served cold.
 badlapur
 time to change (badlaw) with badlapur
 badlapur review
 review for my one of my favourite film- badlapur
 typical neo-noir hindi drama
 a dark and unsettling movie, with an unpredictable plot
 bollywood is the only film industry still making film noirs, and good ones at that; wowwho would've thought?
 super movie out of hindi movie's drama mandli
 not a commercial "badla", its something you can take too...
 one of the most underrated bollywood films of all time.
 badlapur story
 badlapur (a) hindi -------- my rating: ★★★★½ perfect badla
 rise of the indian noir!
 what makes it so good?
 a 10/10 psycho thriller
 revenge is the dish served cold
 this movie must be released again..
 oscar level movie indeed ,
 a movie you shouldn't watch with your family ( i mean with kidz )
 as good as drishyam!
 awesome, shocking, gruesome, gritty, mind boggling, thrilling. ‪#‎badlapur‬ ..you shouldn't miss the beginning.
 just one word...awesome
 simply outstanding!!!
 badlapur = twisted entertainment!
 the most entertaining bollywood movie ever
 badlapur- a different revenge drama
 brilliant movie
 excellent gripping desi crime thriller - don't miss the beginning
 must watch ....(shouldn't be missed)
 truly a masterpiece!
 nawaz and varun tower.... a film that starts of as a revenge drama talks about 2nd chances by the end,but like they say revenge is the purest emotion!!!
 excellent!
 no words of how awesome this movie is
 revenge drama with multiple layers
 badlapur is an exceptional thriller that has amazing acting from the whole cast.
 superb movie
 badlapur a must watch
