 shivaay is an out and out ajay devgn's action film, which has some breathtaking visuals by aseem bajaj.
 stunning
 excellent action-sequences shine in a predictable film!
 pack of action, lack of direction
 high octane action sequences with not needed bollywood melodrama
 high on adventures but short on emotions,shivaay
 quite different from bored bollywood emotional drama movies,its new ! its fantastic!!
 editing problem
 shivaa personified
 except the dragged climax, watchable film
 awesome cinematography but poor film edits
 ambitious and epic.....to a fault
 shivaay was superb romantic action thriller, shows emotional story of father and daughter. worth watching. don't miss it...
 a visual treat
 good movie. worth a watch !
 almost impressive ,lengthy screen time spoils all
 best ever himalayan mountain cinemagraphy along with amazing stunts and graphics from ajay devgn
 action, visuals, special effects are better than any bollywood flick ever! go watch
 emotions of father for her daughter
 action packed emotional bond between father and daughter in beautiful locations
 honest review: i wanted to love it, i ended up liking it
 stunning visual effects, mind blowing acting and great background music
 a must watch spectacle with heart wrenching love b\w father n daughter, and some breathtaking actions n cinematography
 finally a good bollywood movie!
 a must watch who is looking fir an entertainment
 shivaay review
 best indian action-drama......
 best bollywoid action movie ever
 shivaay : a must watch movie
 shivaay....a breathtaking action/emotional drama...
 shivaay has refine action and cinematography for bollywood
 better movie with scenic beauty and honest screenplay
 shivaay is a role model film for bollywood
 a must one time watch
 a cinematic experience with shivaay!!
 a must watch movie for the class audience...!!
 action,expression & emotion defines ajay & shivaay
 shivaay review: yeh diwali shivaay wali!
 worth watching - on cinematography and stunts
 awesome action sequences, amazing cinematography. a visual treat to experience in theatre.
 excellent visuals and family sentiment
 world class action,high on emotion & fantastic background score
 bolo ............ har har har
 excellent movie .. didn't expect that movie will be so good
 not bad at all
 awesome movie
 best movie made with some logic
 sheer indulgence into extravaganza, everything is awesome in this movie
 one of the best indian movie with lots of emotional content
 best action movie of bollywood till date.
 excellent audio visual delight and breathtaking action sequence - full review (best, good, bad, ugly)
 awesome..... :d
 best movie for family and about the real love involved in it.
 epic action movie
 a masterpiece by ajay devgn: high octane action sequences, emotions between father & daughter made this movie epic in bollywood
 one of the great movie
 very good movie sir done a great job
 action with lots of emotions
 ajay did a pretty good job as a director. don't read this if you are sensitive.
 i liked it very much, it has a positive fatherly figure in it
 overall blockbuster hit and wayyyyyyyyy better than adhm
 the best anyone can get
 best
 excellent action,attractive cinematography, hearty emotions
 ignore rumours about this movie.....go...&....watch it...
 amazing movie, superb graphics
 this is an ultimate movie
 nice movie. hollywood kind action sequences.
 never seen love between father and daughter with mesmerizing action,locations,performances.
 best movie
 amazing
 fantastic action movie by ajay devgn
 epic movie, epic actions, epic stunts, a grand treat......yeh diwali shivaay wali
 hollywood kind action with bollywood blend of love and emotion
