 "piku" or i should call it "pakkauu"..!!
 a road ending up nowhere- only deepika stands tall
 constipation and loud arguments
 something new and unexpectd
 a sweet & simple film...
 as delicious as bengali rasogulla
 feel good movie of the year. ♦ 74%
 little overrated feel good movie
 constipation has never felt that good before
 a movie that you would want to see with your heart, not with your brain
 simple yet endearing
 a potpourri of vestiges review: shoojit sircar's evocative family drama that tugs at our heartstrings.
 no sugar coating
 motion se baap aur beti ke emotion. piku is a feel good ride!!!
 okay movie
 nice........
 a refreshing film
 a comical, heartfelt tale of an ageing father and his accommodating daughter
 piku is fine piece of cinema which will appreciated by true movie buffs. excellent
 here comes the best movie of the year till now
 a nice movie..
 with memorable performances and heartwarming script, piku is definitely one of the year's best films
 watch piku !!
 a piece of life- presented beautifully
 awesome film
 funny and simply a reflection of innocence
 going through the movie is a nice experience!
 don't understand it, feel it
 my review!
 great film to watch
 conventional topic
 do watch it for the brilliant, enjoyable performances from every single person featuring in it.
 simply outstanding !!
 beautiful and innocence
 an entertaining flick that touches a grave topic with a humorous constipation backdrop
 a must watch - subtle, simple and splendid
 an unexpectedly good movie!!
 elegant take on depicting day to day chores!!
 piku - the peaceful feeling after a nature's call!
 piku- finally a break from the unnecessary drama
 piku - simple, endearing, pensive, memorable
 piku is not a movie to be seen.. it's a movie to be experienced.. :)
 emotional and entertaining
 definitely one of the best movies this year so far!
 experience it in th theater near you without fail
 movie of the year
 loved piku
 will miss you irrfan
 awesome smart movie
 priceless and subtle
 classic
 9/10
 amazingly-sweet movie to watch and enjoy!
 absolutely brilliant. thank you shoojit sircar.
 a film that's all heart
 a feel good movie....this is piku!!!!!!!!!!
 constipation at its very best
 simple, layered and beautiful
 a dp ride
 the best film of 2015
 motionally genius
 new subject; awesome acting and direction- must watch
 fantastic flick by shoojit sircar, a must watch.....!!!!
 oasis in desert
 perspective
 a jewel of a film
 shoojit sircar's film for your body and your soul. amitabh's best in years. masterfully done.
 tree is important, its shadow is just the beautiful outcome.
 vanilla bollywood icing on a cake of legendary bollywood culture
 a really funny, entertaining, and heart touching movie
 a movie that touched my heart
 its about constipation
 stellar performance's ❤
 my faaav
 just watch it. again. and again
 heart warming movie....one of the best in indian cinema
 one movie to reconnect with the bong roots
 amazing movie- simply natural
 masterpiece
 shoojit sircar at his best.... a must watch...
 a rare gem in bollywood
 could not stop myself from being emotional
 one of the best movies ever produced in bollywood
 10 rating
 defecation - the movie
 its an interesting watch
 amazing movie,must watch
 piku (u/a) hindi ---------- my rating: ★★★★★ very emotional
