 a historical achievement enfeebled by poor film-making! airlift is mediocre. period.
 good, not exceptional!
 overrated
 good but could have been much better
 average
 ordinary one time watch patriotic movie
 recalls world's largest rescue mission but failed to create the magic like "argo"
 a film that makes bollwood and india proud
 a good movie 4 an event to remember!
 uplifts indian cinema standard
 airlift is nice, need more movies with this seriousness in bollywood
 just do not miss this one!
 the movie with most positive & least negative comments.
 awesome film though may not be accurate in terms of facts
 very good movie with one big flaw
 movie is well executed & well acted
 akshay's films might not be reaching the infamous 100 crore status, but the man is rightly choosing his subjects becoming the new-age bharat kumar for the present generation.
 good movie but overrated
 common man turning into a hero.... an inspirational film.....
 ordinary film as a movie lover and above ordinary as an indian.
 patriotic...but less perfect as a movie!
 feels like hotel rwanda script merged into real situation
 well executed but faces pace issues
 2016's first good film is here. ♦ grade b-
 pretty decent but not spectacular !!
 airlift is disappointing
 not so high on patriotism but not so less on entertainment.
 authentic and a simple flick, that focuses only on storyline
 a must watch
 reminds me of hotel rwanda
 yet another fabulous movie from akshay kumar
 raja krishna menon's airlift is a tribute to the human spirits which finds path even amidst turbulence, gears up courage in spite of losing everything.
 hidden truth unfolded with best performance. deserves standing ovation
 rating b+ one man show
 wonderful
 airlift (a real based movie)
 great act portrayed through great performances
 airlift was a decent movie. very uplifting.
 good plot
 #airlift: lifted the bar !
 absolutely honest airlift review!
 its all about being akshay
 an excellent masterpiece
 airlift shows you absolute truth but still manages to inspire patriotic feelings
 airlift is a movie which sets high standards in bollywood
 godlevel movie
 thrilling. exciting. edge of the seat!
 patriotic and moving
 airlift is nail-biting, reality-based action thriller that is going to give you goose bumps. brilliant !!
 airlift will surely touch all indians by heart!
 airlift is an entertaining classic movie based on true events and real life incidents. must go for it.
 breezy pace,good supporting cast and a very good watch!
 this akshay-nimrat starrer is bound to enthrall you!
 the taut script is the highlight
 a must watch and a great republic day treat
 it's a must watch!!
 one of the best story and performance....much much better than expected!!
 akshay kumar plays a role who masterminded the dramatic rescue operation during the first gulf war in 1990.
 must watch. the untold story of the biggest evacuation ever.
 india's own "schindler's list"!
 masterpiece making leads to a epic film.
 airlift - the best movie of bollywood
 a non-bollywood film
 super good movie ....must watch
 very nice!
 great bollywood movie to start the year
 review
 akshay kumar is simply amazing he's the best
 hope in the darkest hours
 a rare subject to find a movie from bollywood
 proud to be an indian--- by maharishi verma
 another meaningful akshay kumar movie
 steals hearts!
 great movie. nice start for 2016
 every indian must watch airlift for once.2016 starts with bang. akshay kumar nailed the role....
 airlift movie review: akshay kumar film is well executed and well-acted
 great movie, must watch.
 historic airlift..... one of india's best movie ever..... akshay kumar is just awesome he's the best
 a classic that india will always be proud of
 a must watch movie for every indian and its doesn't matter u r hindu or muslim but if u are a real indian and go and watch awesome movie
 one of the best thriller made in india ever!!
 best bollywood movie ever
 milestones are rarely produced.
 #airlift #trueindians #patriotism #respect #akki
 airlift - stays true to its name!!!
 review
 an excellent heart touching + thriller package, airlift is a benchmark for all film industry. must watch movie.
 airlift awesome plot
 akki with hit after hit.
 awesome movie ans specially akshay is impressive
 airlifted
 one of the finest films in indian history...akshay kumar is terrific , his career best till date...must must watch...don't miss it !!
 best movie ever.
 this film proves that bollywood can make non-commercial mainstream movie
 goosebumps.
 makes you feel proud to be indian.
 defines patriotism
