 dilwale a feel good movie
 only for srk-kajol
 meaningless fare from rohit shetty
 all in for kajol!
 not satisfactory
 all in one entertainment package. rohit shetty's best by far.
 the movie is just about srk and kajol.
 wake up call for srk
 your regular enjoyable rohit shetty masala entertainer,with srk and kajol jodi at its best.
 thinking too much is injurious to brain
 for shahrukh
 srk and kajol chemistry wasted
 an objective review from a passionate movie watcher
 a good family entertainer-one time watch
 not that bad but definitely not that great..typical but romance is fully there
 think from the heart not your brain!
 great family movie .
 leave your brains at home and you will love it. (no sarcasm, i loved it)
 a film caught between brilliance and awfulness
 watchable srk-kajol jodi
 very enjoyable movie
 a decent, one-time watch family movie
 dilwale (u/a) hindi -------- my rating: ★★★½ powerful cast
 dilwale is an excellent entertainer
 please stop copying ....
 why the hatred against dilwale??
 dilwale : action, comedy, drama, music- all in the right place!
 funny, twisted, romantic, a little exaggerated in action. overall, enjoyable and touching.
 a new storyline for indian movie...trust me i'm a movie lover!!!
 all in all a great movie and a recommended to watch
 a must watch for srk-kajol lovers
 dilwale is very good movie, it is potboiler of all genre comedy, action, romance and the icing on cake beautiful location so it has everything
 a good entertaining movie
 best romantic movie, ever
 film worth seeing
 rohit shetty's best
 srk + kajol treat, other characters were not as good.
 great film to watch with the family!
 love has history and srk & kajol has chemistry.
 a beautiful story that is undeveloped...
 why so much negativity ? its a fun film and its designed in that way only...
 nice but not great, but for many people bad
 dilwale : rohit shetty's best film ever
 love the way of legendary actor srk n kajol act!!!!
 my plans were thwarted by the critics but then somehow my friends made me to watch this movie. i must say dilwale is undoubtedly a great entertainer.
 dilwale - paisa vasool entertaining movie (drama, comedy, action, romance)
 fast and furious type entertainment!
 entertainment
 10 on 10
 nice rom-com movie
 rohit shetty at his best
 funny movie with amazing songs but not as beautiful as old dilwale
 one of the finest bollywood movies i have watched in recent times.
 dilwale is a paisa vasool entertainer
 blockbuster, amazing. watch srk and kajol at their best.
 complete family entertainment!
 a great film with everything for everyone
 nostalgic to watch kajol and shah rukh khan!
 engaging masala
 nice movie
 clean familty entertainer
 thrilling
 such a good movie
 loved it!
 leave the critics they are payed !!!dilwale is a must watch
 good one family entertainer one time watch
 watch dilwale as it is rohit shetty's most complete and entertaining film
 magnetic
 must watch this movie
 wow...absolutely brilliant
 good movie
 dilwale for those with heart not for all the internet trolls who have been giving rubbish
 a very good movie
 finally bollywood is back
 awesome film
 excellent!...fantastic!...must watch movie..dilwale..!
 family movie
 a very good family entertainer
 ultimate package of comedy,action,suspense and romance
 best rohit shetty movie till date
 awesome, fantastic, superb, brilliant i am out of words
 dilwale entertains as never before
 perfect
 awesome fabulous movie gonna be the best movie of bollywood.
 excellent movie as expected.
 overall its a good movie in entertainment category
 one of the best movies rohit has made till now !
 the movie is good if you love shahrukh and kajol together
 superb.!
