 flawed but above average police procedural .....
 disturbing.... yet mind blowing......
 irrfan khan and the screen play gets thumps up !
 if you want to try a bollywood flick, this one is ok
 disappointing - movie is not even as half good as the book.
 khan really was the best...
 good one
 not boring but ....
 talwar is a movie made with one eye.
 the truth is still out there
 a dish which has something missing
 medium
 lack in climax
 best at the end
 awesome
 a lot of insights on what was untold and unknown
 must watch of the year.
 very good suspense detective crime movie
 irfan khan is 🌟
 a good thriller based on a true murder case.
 intrusive experience; reopens the case in depth!!!
 a directorial treat where great efforts have been put to portray the fine grains of this plot
 lively conducted
 an engaging and gripping take on a sad incidence!
 portrayal of the inefficiencies and ulterior motives of contemporary law forces in india
 a gripping thriller- nicely executed
 enthralling and exhilarating joyride!
 a girl named shruti is found dead in her home. the race to bring convict to justice begins but only to trigger more and more controversies.
 excellent story-telling supported by brilliant acting performances.
 edge of my seat
 thoroughly researched, well executed
 talvar- an intriguing and gripping tale of horror, reality, emotion...
 a story may have many versions, but this story has only one.
 engaging till the last scene
 watch it. there's hope for justice. well done meghna gulzar.
 scariest hindi movie..
 hypothetical drama
 suspense glory.
 talvar
 absolutely brilliant.
 superb movie shows that indian law is worst law!!!
 could be the best option to represent india in oscars
 dark and disturbing!
 talvar
 frightening & powerful!!
 jagged edge!
 intense narrative rooted in reality.. a must watch
 talvar - the sharp-edged "trial by cinema"
 be your own judge
 stellar performances and electrifying screenplay makes it an exhilarating watch !!!
 a brilliant investigation drama, gets into every small detail of the arushi murder case. one of the years best films.
 the sword of justice.....
 as good as a movie about a real-life legal case can be
 amazingly shown murder case in 2 hrs
 breathtaking thriller
 rusty sword
 outstanding!!! just give it a try.
 a true film, and excellent is a very small word!
 this irrfan khan and konkana sen sharma thriller is dreadfully engaging
 brilliant!!!!!
 must watch
 india is full of injustice & overly judgemental people
 excellent plot and very well filmed
 aah well, that happened.
 excellent movie ....must watch
 perfect made! must watch!
 an eye-opening thriller, extremely well executed murder mystery
 a classic example of using the power of television
 frightening & powerful!
 best reviewed film of the year!!!
 police and central departmental of investigation try to solve a double murder case which becomes superficially difficult due to inefficiency of police and corrupt system
 hard hitting reality in the face
