 decent entertainer
 it is an indian old gold.
 if only!!!
 so ajay devgan and team spent a whole year to come up with this
 good movie
 highly enjoyable despite the flaws!!!
 a tale of friendship, trust, loyalty and....a lot of twists!!
 i watched it once, i will watch it twice more, its worth it.
 its a powerful movie, do watch it, great performance by all the actors!!
 this is an outstanding movie, must watch
 the best movie of 2017 by a distance, what an entertainer it was. very stylish movie.
 its a blockbuster, do watch it.
 this is a classic movie, watch it!
 the trio – ajay devgn, emraan hashmi and milan luthria rocks, very stylish movie.
 entertaining movie with mindblowing stunts
 ajay is a rockstar, so is emran
 great movie
 one of the best bollywood movies of 2017
 definitely worth a watch
 so happy, watched the best movie of 2017
 this movie got the magic of the 70s, do watch it
 i loved it
 excellent allround movie, super hit, must watch
 very nice movie, must watch with family.
 ajay devgan & emran hashmi simply rocked!
 quality movie, intense acting, action packed scenes.
 these badass men are rockstars, a complete bollywood entertainer
 totally loved what i saw, vidyut was super so was emran & ajay devgan
 wow, what did i watch, mindblowing action, awesome acting by everyone
 an entertaining action thriller after a long time with great stunts.
 thats what we call an typical bollywood entertaining movie & this is what we love to watch.
 this movie is magic.
 damn, what an entertaining movie, loved it to the bone.
 great location, too good dialogiues, mindblowing action scenes, good acting by all
 best performance of ajay devgan of his career
 great movie, made my day
 baadshaho review
 great work done by the crew, do watch it fellas
 very well crafted movie, watch it for sure
 in two words: superb outstanding
 very good action/heist film considering its from bollywood. 10 outta 10.
 excellent thriller and action
 what a perfectly done movie, loved it
 classy movie, action packed backed by great acting & sweet music
 very nice movie. i am very self-satisfied after watching this movie..
 brilliant movie, quite different from the legacy but its amazing
