 baar baar dekho has lessons for life but very little to entertain!
 good idea, poor execution
 baar baar dekho is indeed based on great philosophies of life i.e. to live in present, to enjoy the small moments of life, and to have work-life balance.
 entertaining weekend movie - remember, its not a sci fi movie.
 watch it for once !
 decent attempt
 fits in one time watch list
 something out of the box
 brave enough to get the message.
 different from masala bollywood love stories.
 a must one time watch.
 good movie with a strong message
 good indian version of groundhog day..
 loved it...bollywood is definitely reaching hollywood standards..
 well recommended to watch
 a movie for hollywood and anime fans
 a simpler depiction of mr. nobody
 should not been a flop
 it has problem , but its good.
 ome time watch!!
 not so bad
 different and definitely fun
 new concept, no-nonsense non-masala movie
 loved it!!
 amazing movie.... bollywood is going places... shouldn't miss this one
 good romcom
 it has a good message ... which i think people failed to see
 movie do justice to it's idea
 enjoyed this comedy romantic sci-fi hindi movie
 good story
 loved it... something out of the box and bollywood!!!
 clean shot
 blend of beautiful mind and butterfly effect
 it's a good one 😀
 very touching
 good movie with message...
 one of the best touching movie
 i loved the movie and i am an employed fiancé and a dreamer like him.
 mathematics of life: be happy in small things,collections of this will make it big
 a unique movie with emotions
 a must watch sci-fi time-travel in hollywood style!!
 bbd is an excellent hollywood types movie. it's no masala film and it is certainly only for people looking for hollywood standard movies!
 definitely deserves a watch!
 interesting movie
 underrated movie
 loved this movie back in 2016 and now also
 love it only for its ideology.
 baar baar dekho : india's reply to hollywood
 beautiful movie
 awesome movie
 amazing concept and a movie that tells you something
 wonderful movie
 one awesome movie!
 it touches my heart. just loved this movie
 slow start, but heat warming beautiful movie ahead
 one of the coolest romcom of the year
 "balance"
 rating
 awakening of a sub genre
 such a beautiful and heart touching story😍
 extremely good concept and very good plot
 excellent story and brilliantly done.
