 well directed and performed, but slow........
 structured in a decent and respectful way. could've been a wonder if gripping nature would've been maintained.
 take on section 377
 8/10
 a big thumbs up for brilliant direction, admiring performances and electrifying screenplay
 another good movie of manoj sir and and rajkumar rao.
 aligarh - a slow and cold punch in the gut
 a tragic tale of prof. s. r siras, who did not fear to choose (warning: spoilers)
 you will complete watching the movie in less than 2 hours. but it will not finish there.
 superbly directed, a sensitive, nuanced film
 a sensitive portrayal..
 if you are not a deep thinker then its not for you
 aligarh is a sad bitter truth about not only india but also the world
 never judge a book from the cover; so do the person!!!
 a sensitive study of loneliness
 a very sincere effort to show how the mellow deal with injustice
 a punch in the gut - but fortunately times are changing
 aligarh, story that needed to be told
 a masterstroke direction!
 a poignant tale
 aligarh: a powerfully sensitive cinema never before dared in bollywood; my oscar nomination
 challenging & affecting!
 loved manoj sir's character..
 best of the best performance by manoj bajpayee
 a must-watch for its plots, acting and great direction
 aligarh is a masterpiece, which has the perfect synchronization of brilliant performances, direction, writing, editing, cinematography and music.
 bollywoodrare:manoj bajpayee's performance cannot be described in one word in a movie about our outlook towards sexual orientation
 questions the societal dogma and so called normal relations
 an unmissable experience courtesy manoj bajpayee and rajkummar rao's stellar performances
 excellent film
 a performance that will haunt you for quite a long time!
 it more than a legal battle or coming out, its more about the self acceptance
 "aligarh" - a heart throbbing film. a must watch; in indian context.
 surprised to see such a beautiful film made in india..
 love for this movie can't be defined.
 a ran out of words after watching it.
 powerful cinema
 flawless art of manoj bajpai
 eye opener content
 manoj bajpayee gives award winning performance portraying the late ramchandra siras.
 a circle has been completed...
 a sad commentary on the human condition but brilliantly done
 breaking stereotypes and conventions
 best movie in real long long time
 aligarh | sensitive yet powerful | prejudice and homosexuality
