 the film is sundar and risky but not susheel
 it's a movie which you don't really know what scene is going to be up next
 a fun one time watch with a few problems
 confusing first half, but it was executed very well
 good fun movie
 good entertainment! sidharth malhotra is super hot!
 entertaining action movie
 interesting first part.
 maybe the most underrated movie of the year
 a very nice movie
 agent vinod: bourne again
 best bollywood movie of this year.
 a nice, light, quirky entertaining movie
 action + comedy: entertaining masala movie
 loved it
 awesome entertainer!
 good but not great
 a fun, entertaining film
 quite good movie
 is picture me sab hai !
 decent movie with some surprise element
 its a shame that the movie flopped
 a must watch light-hearted entertainer
 a slick entertainer
 one of the best action comedies bollywood ever produced
 watch the film for yourself! i did and i thoroughly enjoyed it!
 action packed! fast paced! awesome!
 a fun popcorn entertainer that will leave u in splits!!!
 loads of fun!
 nice funny movie ! worth watching
 was a nice cool movie
 unexpectedly good.
 a must watch movie
 beautiful movie
 light hearted thriller
 an entertaining film with stellar hand-to-hand combat sequences and a good story
 what a refreshingly cool movie! definitely worth a watch!!
 its an amazing masala entertainer!loved it
 slick action sequences, hilarious and quirky humor
 superb,mind blowing,awesome
 super thrilling!!
 a fun,entertaining action (comedy) flick
 truly sundar, susheel, risky!!!
 new indian bond is born
 great movie with slick action and nice comedy. i don't understand why indians hate good movies. most of the reviewers are probably expecting movies to be like tees maar khan
 best action film out of india
 so many fake reviews. and that too 1* !! really guys ????
 a laugh riot with the best one liners i've heard in a while!
 absolute entertainer...
 great entertainer! full paisa vasool
 excellent movie
 nice movie
 this movie deserves more
 nice watch movie
