 mestro film
 performing film
 irfan khan and nothing more
 a wednesday gone wrong
 one time watch
 irrfan khan leads the show!
 irrfan steals the show.
 script spoil the chances to mark it magnum opus of nishikant
 a film which will give you goose bumps
 common man fights back at the system
 madaari.......what a nice story
 performing film
 a movie fight with today's system
 good movie
 well-entertainment madaari
 democracy is terribly laboured
 irrfan soars even as film sinks
 one of those movies you can't miss.
 watch it for irfan!
 felt like a movie i have seen many times before.
 rising above all the shortcomings, it's irrfan's effort that shoulders the complete burden of this flick.
 when all ministers in one room
 weaving the link of stockholm syndrome via corruption and social media
 another maestro of irrfan khan
 madaari is a priceless depiction of love, separation, revenge, and india's hypocrite politics
 madaari is a thought-provoking film, and it does evoke strong emotions.
 masterpiece
 unveiling india's political pandemonium
 will miss you irrfan sir
 irfan 🙏
 2 hour 20 minutes seemed a little longer but fantastic movie
 movie show corruption is part of our system
 great movie but some mistakes
 amazing drama
 nice
 movie must watch another good work of irfan khan
 heart touching
 a thriller, and must watch movie
 a meaning full movie
 realistic movie - go and watch it
 madaari is irrfan khan and irrfan khan is madaari !
 superb message
 tragedies like this should make people responsible ashamed!
 "irfan khan.. doing different sub-genres of road movie"
 amazing concept !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 reality of politics
 engaging.
 a great movie
 bombastic
 excllent storyline, superb execution
 brilliant movie but a little over stretched
 good movie
 best among the 2016 bollymovies
 another meaningful movie of this year
 another good catch by cinema
 story of madaari
 a must must watch in the present times of political overdose to the country.
 real basic one shot film
 a stellar masterpiece
 very good movie
 you cant miss this!
 irfaan .. he's arrived
 super acting by irfan
 i would also like to recommend to you another good film to watch: main azaad hoon(1989).
 passionate love of a father and a strange child
 a masterpiece that melts hearts..
 one of best movie of bollywood.
 madaari
 madari is best movie
 masterpiece
 excellent movie
 reality behind the image
 a must watch movie
 it was nice movie i love it
 amazing movie
 reality explained....masoom se hai public
 madari is a must- watch scion - thriller film of 2016.....
 one of the best movie i ever seen..
 heart breaking, cathartic, soul cleansing
 nation is slepping!
 the perfect movie and perfect acting!!! saoute you irrfan khan for being greatest actor and person.
 great movie awesome performance by the irfan...
 ship like bollywood does not sink due to captain like madari!
 a rare movie: must watch
 very meaningful movie
 once again a outstanding movie by the outstanding actor..
 tight slap on indian political system, must watch
