 great acting of a rather weak and disjointed premise.....
 mostly entertaining but not truly engaging or thought provoking.
 ranbir kapoor steals the thunder in an otherwise decent flick
 film made by your crazy cheerleader fan!!
 is it me or do indian films have no idea about dramatic music?
 average and not as good as i expected.
 all lies
 what's the take away? ghee chhe to ghapa ghap?
 well-intended "baba" - a black-sheep and not a dark-horse
 not a raju hirani movie
 is sanju worth watching ?
 a well-made, well-acted yet flawed biopic!
 an average affair
 not a realist drama movie
 sanju in parts
 sanju: a biography or a drama movie
 this movie is just an excuse! no learnings
 fabulous acting and not so fabulous film.
 ranbir kapoor shine like the brightest star in the sanjay dutt's biopic
 a good watch but fails to justify why was it even made
 liked it 👍
 first for everything
 unsatisfying
 all in one
 'great' performances, with 'not that great' everything else...
 some more drama to top the real drama!
 typical fun warm sentimental hirani movie
 sanjay dutt's side of the story
 entertainment only
 life beyond a question mark?
 long review: sanju
 great screenplay, drags in the later part nevertheless a watchable one.
 an half boiled egg.
 ranbir kapoor's sanju is no less than daniel day-lewis's linoln
 not as expected, but good movie
 winning streak of raju hirani continues .
 sanju is a 2 and half hour confession of sanjay dutt about the blame he faced. hirani disappointed...
 raj kumar hirani shines..
 a tepid movie because expectations are higher from mr.hirani
 nice..
 great direction average movie
 good but not the best.
 it is entertaining but not sooo good
 ranbir kapoor back as an phenomenal actor
 ranbir kapoor's brilliance and vicky kaushal's spontaneity lift this good movie to a great film
 5th classic in a row for master hirani, best of ranbir!
 cleansing sanju!
 worth to watch
 not to be missed
 weird (in a good way)
 heart-wrenching tale of a prodigal son
 my review!
 sanju leaves you speechless and amazed
 not about a hero but about a growing son !!
 this movie belongs to vicky kaushal
 controversial topic handled nicely
 an entertaining biopic with outstanding performances!
 deviated, lacking, yet entertaining, verdict - rajkumar hirani!
 ranbir 'roared'. hirani proved his storytelling skills. people cheered. reality died.
 it's a one-time watch!
 dutt's narration in hirani's style! thumbs up..
 a biopic told well and rajkumar hirani nailed it in all aspects
 ranbir kapoor performs well but vicky kaushal takes the cake
 a review based just on the trailers that came till the movie released. but please do go watch this movie
 words can't justify this epitome of ranbir's class
 sanju
 worth the watch
 real sanju feeling....
 wow !
 sanju is applause worthy! take a bow ranbir kapoor & rajkumar hirani.
 if you love mr. hirani.
 brilliant movie!! hats off to hirani and ranbir kapoor
 classic movie ! ranbir nailed the role. vickey kaushal superb.
 amongst best biopics
 script is the king , ranbir the prince ...
 hirani che to paisa wasool che! +bonus= ranbir
 sanju.a movie.a biopic.a 2 hours 41 minutes' saga of a controversial life.a masterpiece.
 ranbhir kapoor is fantastic!
 classic masterpiece ignoring the fact
 his side of the story!
 rajkumar hirani doesn't disappoint.
 excellent
 shown things simply as they were
 great story, amazing acting and out of the world direction!
 emotional yet brave
 one for all cinephiles
 a journey with perfect blend of emotions and laughter. ranbir take a bow
 mast film hai
 amazing movie, captures your attention for the entire running time of 161 minutes.
 sanju
 biopic done right
 best bollywood movie after long time . best biography movie
 nice biopic!!!!!
 this movie will set a legacy known as - ranbir kapoor
 one more masterpiece of raj kumar hirani. awesome movie
 epic!!
 one of the best of ranbir
 all sk fans will give bad reviews here!!!but the movie is superb!!!!!!!!!!!!
 you need to see it.
 wow
 sanju is one of the best biographical movies ever made! rajkumar hirani does it again!
 sanju
 brilliant and intense
 sanju : kutch to log kahenge ..... wonderful !!!
 a masterpiece by rkh
 waah waah waah
 wow!
 excellent!!!!
 most anticipated movie of the year
 masterpiece!
 great movie
 a true masterpiece of indian cinema
 awesome story... incredible acting by ranbir kapoor and wordless way of presentation
 the movie is worth a watch
 "gheechay to ghapa ghap chay"
 jaadu ki jhapi
 awesome movie and loved it
 never before in bollywood. happened once in a decade.
