 just okay
 slow and chill type of movie.
 illogical
 could have used more drama and narrative punctuation .....
 good, dark humor, relevant, slow
 thin thread but woven well with sheer realistic approach
 koi bada badlav ek din me nai hota
 artistic!!
 indian election day in jungles of chhattisgarh
 a film that makes you think.
 okay sincere off bollywood dramedy with strong leading role
 democracy at work !
 rajkumar rao is an indian actor to keep an ete on
 overrated but okay indian film with a message
 nutan to newton: the diversity
 good theme, good storyline, great acting but lacks a required punch
 its a good movie.
 a rarity in bollywood
 newton is one of the best political satires i had seen from indian cinema.a must watch..
 claps for the great work
 don't miss this one! must watchable
 the story of an honest man with compulsive disorder
 camouflage atrocities
 being honest!!
 great direction and casting; great dialogues; single face on poster unfair
 beautiful potrayal of elections
 a flawed newton, a poorly written ending in a otherwise nearly flawless film
 newton: india's oscar nod
 fastidious bureaucrat struggles to conduct rural election
 'newton' the film is newton-the character's 'dharma' and now it is yours to watch it!
 newton is a satire on india's electoral system, democracy, bureaucracy, law and order machinery etc.
 newton is authentic, it is thought provoking & all of it with constant humor. go cast your vote for this one!
 rajkumar rao, you gem!
 must watch
 celebrate the indian democracy and its flaws with newton
 beautiful!
 "newton- a must watch"
 good depiction of characters
 rajkumar rao's acting is amazing
 great movie
 good but not an oscar material
 newton is an ordinary story with a great acting cast that hold it up
 newton is a definite watch to bring in the change required !!!
 an excellent derision
 nothing happens, no one comes, no one goes and it's not awful
 not everybody can master the art of being pragmatic
 every one is newton in our society and equally powerful.it's just how you contribute
 uncanny and brilliant, a must watch for every urban indian out there
 humour. story. uniqueness. performance. excellent.
 not a thrill but a thrill
 a must watch !!
 must watch movie for all
 brilliant screenplay, direction and performances.
 a wonderful experience
 an unassuming brilliant movie, must-watch !
 a highly impressive movie
 awesome !!
 great movie
 clash of ideals and practicality
 kind of movie which people should watch
 simple but impactful.
 classic story telling
 gripping screenplay and realistic acting : passport to oscars nomination
 heart felt
 undertated brilliance - dark satire - must watch
 newton is the best work from bollywood in 2017
 a must watch!
 newton review
 thought provoking
 i enjoy this movie
 i have not seen such a beautiful movie for a while
 a masterpiece!
 a master piece
 a trubute to the nation and it's democracy
 one of the best
 newton - a cult film
 a clever take on democracy
 a representation of india's true insides.
 "the dishonesty rules in awarding honesty" dialogue sum up theme
 an award for honesty involves the greatest disonesty
 must watch!
 this is something must be watched by indians.......
 newton: revealed difficulties of boots-on-the-ground democracy is.
 hitting hard on democracy
 hope of humanity towards a perfect utopia.
 you will never forget to vote after watching this movie
 newton review: indian cinema has started to go international and this film is another proof!
 reminder for: **be the change you wish to see in the world**
 newton-looking for a academy award.
 newton a game changer for india cinema
