 wow - didn't see this one coming!
 a welcome movie to bolly of a different horror genre
 well made and creepy.
 a different experience!
 definitely not a fairy tale
 alternate horror flick
 pari misses the opportunity to be an engaging horror film due to incoherent script.
 a good try and a complete risk for anushka.
 a really good debut movie for a director
 ok-ish ... did not live up to hype
 rich in atmospherics & creepiness, despite its uneven story!
 good flick
 definitely worth a watch
 valor attempt to make a good horror movie.
 the soul continues to live - remembering the tortures of previous lives!
 watch it for anushka
 not too horror / good storyline
 pleasantly surprising
 hopelessly romantic (hardly) horror
 fairy, jinn, demon?
 pari is watchable, due to its unique story-line.
 worth watching !
 pari not so scary but definitely a new genre of horror
 supernatural entertainment..
 audience takes time to digest this different cooked dish!
 bold attempt at creating a new genre of horror
 a good attempt by bollywood in horror genre
 pari is a haunting drama which are quite rare in indian cinema with terrific performance from anushka sharma and cinematography...
 its good but not perfect.
 what's all the negativity about? this is a pure piece of art!
 redifining bollywood horror genre
 dark, supernatural, romantic, brilliantly acted and executed
 excellent....different story
 recommended
 terrifying indian horror..
 really one of the better bollywood horror drama in recent years
 pari - not a fairytale review
 anushka sharma was spine chilling in this horror drama
 worth watching for anushka
 finally a brilliant horror movie made in bollywood
 awesome movie but im sad ...
 superb movie 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
 awesome horror movie
 brilliant story line and performance by a stellar cast.
 'pari' is a delightful psychotic horror.
 anushka sharma plays rukhsana with a great deal of bloody enthusiasm.
 absolutely stunning horror film
 recommended !!!
 good horror attempt and great performance from anushka sharma.
 a very unique indian horror movie
 a perfect blend of fantasy, supernatural horror and mysticism.
 an unique horror of indian cinema
 anushka surprises with great acting. movies works for one time.
 great direction and nice story
 a much needed non clichéd horror ride.
 "if she is a monster, then what does that make me?"
 enjoyable
 i don't get it man, what's with the 6.6 rating?
 best bollywood horror film ever.
 best indian horror movie
 top notch romantic horror
 little slow, but not stupid
 one of the best horror movie directed so far in bollywod
 wow...ruksana is scary...great acting...amazing
 so much more than just a horror movie...!!!
 unique story
 anushka steals the show.
 one-tale
 worth a watch
 thank you for making this gem
 best horror movie
 brilliant. glad to see bollywood is improving.
 anushka shines in her innocent act
 pari - one intelligently directed film
 such a good movie..
 conjuring 3.
 a classic horror
 amazingly written and directed
 if she is a monster, then what does that make me?
 an unfair rating!
 a complete surprise packet.
 a must watch
 very well written movie
 this is a damn impressive and engaging piece of work....
 perfect
 a masterpiece
 pari
 redefined horror genre
 one of the best bollywood movies made in recent times
 a well written story
 bollywood seems to move in right direction
 after 13b this is the second best horror film yet.
 i loved the movie !
 an intelligent plot of indian horror movie
