 a well written story badly directed.
 could have been better but the lack of right treatment ruined it.
 plot is nice but movie is stretched too much
 watch this ajay devgn movie with zero expectations.
 a good premise is ruined by overlong tedious film
 a journey into a slight plus amazing thriller
 predictable but will keep you hooked
 great performances makes this film tremendous
 a raid that you see coming!
 raid is a good attempt to show the corrupted politicians and businessmen looting public's money
 it's a good movie
 nice movie based on true events
 good and tense movie
 cliche idea behind story
 has its ups, u will like it, especially if u r ajay's fan.
 not extraordinary. one time watch.
 a gripping real life drama
 good watch for indian officer, any field
 predictable and boring
 a true story told in a gripping manner.
 a tension filled ride with a scratchy finish
 watchable but nothing new.
 average movie
 much needed film
 story of the movie
 raid review
 must watch
 story was kinda predictable but the overall movie experience was good. definitely much better than the awful padmavati.
 gripping, suspenseful, wonderful from start to finish; saurabh shukla is a wonder; good dialogues by ritesh shah; good casting
 a thumbs up for raid
 one-line review: raid (8 stars)
 nicely played story!!
 untold story !!
 awesome
 great direction
 fearless honest tax officer raid politician haveli
 review
 one of the best performance by ajay devgan after drishyam.
 a well executed tale of corruption!! yet we learn nothing from our netas :(
 the honest set rules of going by the rule book
 no-nonsense ajay devgan . what else you want?
 overall raid is a unique genre out of a box which is definitely worth to be on a watchlist
 a captivating crime thriller with enuff tension n suspense. devgan was terrific n so were the dialogues.
 stars sometime not the benchmark
 must watch cinema which is waiting for your raid in theaters.
 paisa vasool entertainer
 excellent performance by saurabh shukla and ajay dvagan
 a must watch entertainer
 it's bang on target...
 outstanding,, superb
 one of ajay devgn's best movies which is just simply gripping with superb storytelling.
 honesty & persistance
 salute to to all fearless & honest indian officers!
 great movie and based on real heroism
 best of devgn and 2018
 great combination of script and acting
 amazing thriller patriotic movie
 one of the most latest thriller by devgn
 no nonsence! a good watch
 good!!
 "raid" is the best income tax raid movie ever made in the history of cinema
 raid is a paradox
 cinema at its excellence
 masterpiece
 ajay devgn and saurabh shukla's show
 very interesting
 raid review: an "amayzing" film!
 straightforward and solid.
 good
 a good one time watch...
 a highly engaging thriller with an inherent social significance.
 encore!!!
 you're on the edge of your seat till the last the last penny is unearthed...
 powerpack acting
 best film - meaningful cinema
 raid is brilliant, outstanding, suspenseful, amazing, needs more word for this non-masala movie.
 strongly recommend
