 great idea goes horribly wrong
 kabhi kisi ko khud se jiyada pyar mat karna or on second thoughts kar lena
 typical bollywood ending
 mediocre story pulled through by good lead and support actors
 biryani with elaichis !! kriti bags it !
 lacks commitment
 entertaining film with a predictable end!!
 a great romantic film with a stupid ending !!!
 something different
 a delightful film with good performances
 should have been rated 6.5
 worth watching
 touching story with a good lovestory
 fresh and yet predictable
 nice
 romantic but routine
 mind refreshing, dramatic scenes. but, here's something that attracts to love it & to forget that drama! believe it or not!
 a very good idea lost in the bollywood format
 a well scripted romantic film !
 an entertaining and endearing romance
 it is very sad to see that nobody can act without rajkumar rao!
 don't go by reviews
 must watch
 a romantic drama with a message
 such a nice and awesome movie
 awesome movie shadi me zaroor aana
 story focuses on the love story of aarti and satyendra who aarti leaves on her marriage day, where satyendra gets his revenge by ranking higher than her
 good movie, don't why there is so much criticism
 beautiful movie backed by powerful performance
 ego vs. love
 only if it was a little smaller
 one time watch
 awesome
 a refreshing romantic drama with good performances.
 thukra ke mera pyaar, mera intequam dekhegi !!! watch it for rajkumar rao's acting
 very refreshing and realistic
 simply superbb👌👌
 one of the best family movie
 awesome movie women liberation and empowerment and awareness among youth for civil services
 watch it if you like real scenarios, not hypothetical ones
 a treat to watch
 a must watch!!!
 above average
 great screenplay and engaging storyline
 rajkumar rao acting is mesmorizing.
 at least the framework of the movie is very relevant
 a sweet love story with a realistic touch... good watch..
 one star less for stupid ending
 beautiful love story amazing thrilled suspense and yeah songs wonderful
 great story, simple cast
 jogi hona ishq me tere jogi hona
 relatable, simple & sweet
 awesome love story
 awesome story and brilliant acting by rr
 awesome movie
 what a plot
 just awesome
 super movie
 awesome movie
 outstanding movie, better than my expectations
 two words: a must watch !
 brillian and excellent movie 10/10
 rajkummar rao !!!
 a must watch movie
 while giving points to a movie i ask myself "what was wrong" and then deduct the points but in this movie i couldn't.
 success is the best revenge..
 the beauty of simplicity
 a must watch
 a very very good movie
 simple and must watch movie
 a must must watch movie
 heartwarming story... brilliantly paced... memorable performances... a must watch for sure.
 nice movie 😍🍿😊
 an upsc aspirant's review
 one of the best movies seen in longtime
 positive
 one of the finest movie
 my favourite movie
 such a fabulous movie
 a must watch movie
 amazing story,
 the best revenge is to grow your own stature
 best movie gone so far !
 brilliant movie
 a perfect heart touching storyline
