 important movie that could be made better
 a hard hitting and exhilarating saga that effectively talks about some of the burning issues....
 one time watch movie !
 good movie
 well made movie and superb ensemble acting spoiled by a two-dimensional view-point
 raises some very relevant questions
 a torchlight in the dark arena
 a good movie to watch
 once again tapsee mem nailed in her role
 intense and thought provoking
 really well done
 a remind to the secular india
 i must have lost taste in movies.or i read the ratings wrongly!
 india needs this movie, but doesn't want it
 must see movie of 2018
 mulk for mulk
 splendid!!
 those giving 1 star
 class movie
 good movie
 mulk is a powerful story with a strong and very important message; could have been perfect, but some bits here and there seemed a bit cheesy and over-the-top.
 mulk review
 times when you should not follow imdb ratings blindly
 when a movie polarises its audience this much...
 great! awesome!
 patriotic people, all hat no cattle.
 excellent movie......must watch
 it's the current india
 a great movie. (the movie ratings seem to attacked)
 bitter truth.
 must watch movie for every indian
 brilliant acting!!!
 must watch
 nice movie
 movie about religion
 an important movie at this time
 this movie deserves more ratings than it has!
 must watch movie
 there is no hum aur woh. a message that the country needs to be reminded of.
 freedom. equality. fraternity.
 sad to see some people trying to bring down the ratings deliberately.
 watch mulk avoid false ratings'
 why is this movie so poorly rated on imdb
 andh bhakts galore
 good film. not sure who's out to get the ratings down
 good content
 much needed movie in these times
 brilliant movie... with a strong script or the bunch of great acting and dialogues!
 tapsee is amazing
 4.0? somethings is fishy
 strong message, good film
 fantastic
 terrific & mind-blowing!
 must watch
 perfect mirror of today's india
 do not believe the sudden 1 ratings..it's been done overnight by team fanney khan
 dispelling myths & illusions
 why a 9 star.
 movie....
 writing review just to prove the movie is awesome.
 why such poor ratings?
 amazing movie, can relate to current conditions.
 must watch
 people with iq 80 did not like this movie
 best movie of 2018
 mandatory that your children watch this, even if you don't...
 amazing movie !!!! shows what true india looks like.
 intense, realistic n thought-provoking film. the very fact that this film is getting
 must watch in today's scenario
 some people are giving low ratings deliberatly! ignore them and watch this movie.
 excellent movie on a crucial period of time
 don't believe the false reviews. this is a hard right wingers attack on the ratings
 masterpiece
 sad how right wing people are trying to suppress it so that their votebank is not affected by the movie's good infulence.
 must watch to clear ur misconceptions
 a bold movie making a powerful statement.
 great movie
 excellent piece written & directed by anubhav sinha
 awesome
 just amazing
 ultimate movie
 totally based on today's scenario
 mulk is revolution
 powerful
 a must watch
 a must watch film. solid acting, awesome script n direction. haters go watch the cartoonish bahubali.
 wow just wow
 10/10
 one of the best movie
 fantastic moview
