 better than many masala films at least.
 hospital and hospitality
 good but complicated
 story unfolds at a leisurely pace
 good choice of story, but something missing..
 tell me
 'this movie is so special'
 flowers on the screen
 best abstract of the year
 it's a heart touching movie
 a beautiful poem and well captured by shoojit sircar
 hope against hopes.. one time watch!
 worth a watch
 not may cup of tea
 very melancholic
 good movie
 glad that varun dawan took this film
 pleasing in the most beautiful way
 well if you have emotions, october will take you for a ride...
 used to see bigger moon when in love? not anymore
 an unique love story
 october is the sonorous song sung in deep silence and heavy emotion... will leave you thinking & more humble towards life at the end
 great script and varun dhawan make it must watch cinema for cinema lovers.
 not a typical bollywood film
 simple and sweet movie
 not everyone's cup of tea
 october begining of change
 nice
 an innovative new era's lobe story
 still think about this movie...
 real
 simply beautiful
 varun shines in october
 falling for the fallen
 october - an unconventional tale of unconditional love
 october: a scenic beauty picturing the hardships of life
 a newly refreshing film
 a complex tale of human emotions and behaviour
 a beautifully woven movie.
 october is a revelation!
 one of the best movie movie of 2018
 could have at least changed the ending
 touches your heart!
 hope !
 varun dhawan has finally proved himself
 what an amazing movie and amazing music.
 a bollywood masterpiece with subtle human emotions
 a story of subtle feelings
 october makes you melancholic - but that's for a good cause.
 awesome
 simple yet beautiful
 masterpiece
 a masterpiece.. an amazing movie to watch with lots of internal meanings and can drive you emotionally with slow feelings and in deep silence.. the songs are very soulful.
 just wow
 most beautiful love story.
 emotional, grieving, aching heart.
 meaning of pure unconditional love
 its all about the feeling!
 masterpiece
 unconditional love story
 mind, soul and god
 this is a masterpiece!
 beautiful
 a love story for ages.
 love is indeed blind
 a bollywood movie with nothing bollywood about it!!!
 sujit sircar, juhi chaturvedi, varun dhawan, banita sandhu...! where will you find the mistakes?
 heart melting story and direction
 i watched the film in afternoon its night now and still the film is going on in my mind thats identity of masterpiece film
 masterpiece
 masterpiece of indian cinema
 drains you emotionally...
 not just a movie it teaches something valuable
 a triumphant endeavour to celebrate life and love!
 masterpiece
 loved varun dhawan's performance in october.
 loved the movie
 patient and touching
 it's october!!!
 what bollywood lacks... a beatiful film
 a very mature love story.
 a super film.
 excellent! the acting is outstanding. cheers.
 emotional and beautiful in everyway
 worth a watch...will.move you somewhere
 one of the best from indian cinema. underrated gem.
 its not a movie.......
 takes away a part of you, and gives you something in return
 stunning
 absolute masterpiece
 an emotional journey,not for everyone
 beautiful movie.
 deeply touched
