 sanjay mishra delivers a superlative performance
 not a die hard thing
 a great thought of concept!
 sweet movie, nice story
 a good movie
 life of (almost famous but not so famous) side actors of bollywood
 heartbreakingly modest.
 tribute to those who we don't know
 one of the best of 2020
 inspired from birdman
 "enjoying life aur option hi kiya hai"
 must watch for mishra ji fan
 mishra we love you !
 amazing movie which shows the reality.
 can someone from lowest depth can make a comeback? check out this movie😊
 amazing movie !!!
 good watch!!
 versatile
 a story of an unrecognized performing artist and a portrayal of real vs reel life.
 a success in the storytelling
 angst and heartbreak to remain relevant
 acting, actor,passion,reality and sublime
 don't believe the name of the movie
 what a joy!
 a must watch for everybody
 enjoy life, aur option kya hai!
 kaamyaab, a "laajawab" tragedy of legendary artists
 absolutely loved the film expected from actor of sanjay mishra caliber
 enjoying life , aur option hi kya hai !!
 highly recommended..must watch
 everybody is 'kamyaab' in their own way! bollywood needs more such movies.
 this movie is in my top ten list (hindi movie)
 deserves award
 sanjay mishra at his usual best!
 super successful
 must watch for sanjay mishra
 class
 another beautiful performance
 real movie
 fantastic performance great movie
 story of going from failure to failure but still going on.
 awesome 👍 must watch!!!
 a must-see
 a gem lost in the pile of garbage
 super
 outstanding
 kamyaab
 sanjay mishra at his best after ankhodekhi.
 please someone from academy watch this film and give the goddamn best actor award to sanjay mishra sir
 bas enjoying this movie aur option kya hai.
 amazing
 gem of bollywood
 must watch.... a true tribute to character artists of all times - past, present n future...
 sanjay mishra the unsung hero of bollywood
 a tribute to the "side actors" of bollywood
 a touch of excellence!!
 heart touching !!!
 light story and not exaggerated like all extravagant movies
 amazing
 reality of success
 must watch movie for all
 superb acting by the actor who says trohy don't judge acting
 bas enjoying life aur option kya hai!
 drishyam films and sanjay mishra combo fires again!
 heart touching story
 national award for sanjay mishra
 masterpiece ..... no doubt.
 heartfelt performance & characters!!
 must watch
