 despite the cliches in the film, imtiaz ali's perception on this indian romeo and juliet manages to do some justice for the audience.
 decent movie !
 romantic movie
 a tragic love story that shows the tragedy in the most beautiful way...
 charm of newcomers
 emotion filled ride
 laila majnu- true love demands a mystical madness.
 enchanting fascinating & deep
 great love story with great permformances
 epic and passionate.
 another splendid story by imtiaz ali!
 avinash nailed the role
 close your eyes before it, let the film open up your eyes as well as you!
 leaves you haunted long afterwords...
 a must watch love story..
 one of its kind!
 duniyaadaari, that's what kills love
 laila majnu movie can not better then this....
 mesmerizing.
 modern masterpiece
 laila majnu is an experience...feel it..
 stunningly beautiful
 extraordinary movie of a well-known story.
 great music and brilliant acting
 an underappreciated great piece of art!
 speechless
 masterpiece..
 outstanding - is the word for this movie
 outstanding - is the word for this movie
 such movies should not stop coming
 a must watch movie of 2018
 love is so powerful that it destroys you and gives you a place in the hands of almighty!
 enlightenment through art
 if not a 10 for this movie then which movie???
 after rockstar my favorite movie.
 bollywood is still alive.
 top performance by the actor
 must watch
 have seen yesterday but still running on mind.
 mesmerising and hearfelt masterpiece like this is beyond user rating and review
 true love never dies.
 awesome film
 this is a masterpiece but most people don't have the eye for it
 subtle but pure depiction of love.
 true for love... and lovers....
 if you love seriously...
 just one word wow!
 most un-recognised movie of the decade
 artistic portrayal of love
 a masterpiece of love with amazing performances
 truly romantic
 super duper
 must watch and feel the true love in heaven of earth
 ah the aching heart, love & longing
 i love it
 imtiaz ali, indian audience doesn't deserve you.
