 musical romance to assist people to forget their long lost love
 one time watch for old music and a good laugh
 shaky start picks up a bit in the middle ends strong.
 a good watch
 very good
 deserves more rating then 5.6 !!
 makes an unfinished love story look beautiful
 realistic, highly relatable, sad & heartbreaking
 it will give you a tight nostalgia memory, which you can definitely relate! if you ever fell in luv or had a crush on anyone long back in 80s/90s era!
 i'll be wrapped around your finger
 good movie with disaster ending
 offbeat and interesting
 cant believe i have missing been missing this gem for 3 years
 hidden little gem which will surprise you !!!
 bittersweet and realistic
 a nice plot
 'meri pyaari bindu' belongs to a forgotten era where love used to happen over a cup of coffee, shared biryani and recorded audio cassettes...
 poignant !!
 a gem of a movie with a slice of life type reality
 "meri pyaari bindu" might be the long lost cassette you might be searching to play and listen to after all these years.
 la la land of bollywood
 underrated feel good love story that exudes an aura of warmth and nostalgia
 best one sided love based movie
 a imperfect perfect love story.
 complete entertainment although 'not a typical bollywood movie'
 nostalgia, old songs and a tale of unfulfilling love
 pretty under rated movie. when i saw it i actually ended up liking it
 love is timing.
 nostalgic, charming, sweet yet unconventional modern story of love.
 will make you feel nostalgic and yearn for those long gone times
 charming...well portrayed by the leads.
 wow...the best movie i have ever seen, felt....and i have seen every damn movie... totally nestolgic..
 the movie which should have changed the bollywood's romance.. but alas! indian audience enjoys stalking more than true love.
 pure love story that defines true meaning of love
 an underrated indian version of la la land
 very emotional unsuccessful love story...!!!
 great movie
 musterpiece!
 a must-watch for your list
 this is gem
 deserves more rating
 beautiful movie!
 nice movie.
 outstanding
 i am sure its difficult, "pyaar ke bare me naya kya kaha ja sakta he?!"
 it will leave a smile on your face
 authentic and nostalgic script
 well done, touching little coming-of-age film
 a connecting rom-com....
