 all indian should watch this movie
 let your life not be sans any aim
 yeah well...okay...but watch dil chahta hai instead!
 above average, but that's not saying much
 has its inspirational moments
 farhan akhtar hits the aim somehow but sharpness comes from hrithik roshan.
 laskhya to har haal mein pana hai.
 simple plot with an impressive direction.
 good movie except for the kargil battles
 hrithik trying to advance his acting skills..
 bang on target! (almost perfect )
 one of the most realistic war movies
 love and war but more of the latter...
 a movie about growing up!!!!
 'best motivational movie ever'
 lakshya is absolutely excellent: a class product from india!
 clean unadulterated entertainment, great performances
 a must watch movie and yet another masterpiece from farhan akhtar...
 farhan is a very promising film maker
 no sophomore slump from farhan akhtar
 true startup of a soldier showed here!!
 the best indian war movie yet
 the best indian war film🙌
 one of my all time favourite
 brilliant
 milestone for hrithik
 hame kuch kar dikhana hai .
 the saga of a boy turning into a man
 amazing movie, very inspiring !
 an inspirational /self realization tale with beautiful performance by the lead actor.
 lakshya :- great indian war drama movie!
 one of the best action movies of india
 great war film
 lakshya!!what a movie
 lakshya: must watch movie.
 good story, well told
 a must see
 farhan akhtar, you beauty!
 just one step behind to be called a masterpiece
 indian cinema coming out of age......
 great execution, amazing cinematography, superb performances makes lakshya super hit
 brilliant movie
 cinematographic excellence!
 what a movie 🙏🙏
 a must watch
 lifechanging movie!!
 the best movie ever made!
 i was sold in the first 10 minutes.
 best motivational indian movie
 masterpiece!
 best hindi army movie ever
 a masterpiece which can't be missed
 just saw this netflix in 2019
 masterpiece
 the only army film that the youth will relate to.
 are you suffering from aimlessness ? the cure is : lakshya
 simply inspiring!
 underrated
