 is guru good or bad
 just average
 dream of a villager fulfilled, dream of cine goer shattered.
 opportunities lost....
 a good biopic but could be a bit better
 fascinating subject, disappointing movie
 a mixed bag
 not a legend, still worth your time...
 when son becomes the father......
 context overwhelms content
 missing the subtitles
 good effort but not of really high quality.
 quite impressive movie
 guru movie shows how to get hold in market
 guru is the story of an ambitious, middle-class man who has big dreams.
 a glimpse instead of a meaningful study into the life of a visionary
 it would have been better if the ending was a fare one..
 not fictional at all- reel2real
 guru -
 one of the best biography in india
 a good film!
 ****** intelligent movie with great abhishek performance ****
 guru - a well-handled saga of a well-known industrialist
 great movie by mani ratnam; but, abhsihek steals the show
 failed by family, system - how do you fight?
 a masterpiece! what else u expect from 'mani' ?
 a perfect wedding gift
 was i lucky to find this...
 great attempt but only good execution....
 guru: best of junior bachhan
 hindi film industry needs more movie like this..
 stunning performances makes guru worth watching ! thumbs' up for mani !
 mani ratnam is 'guru'....read this few unexplained facts
 the 'guru' of all tales
 great movie.
 must watch to appreciate a sincere effort
 guru....rocks
 a movie about dream.
 guru- a biopic on an upstart trader building a commercial empire through hook or crook, mostly by crook. (does this remind you of somebody).
 excellent.. mani tries to re create the old magic..
 full review - guru
 great viewing, a must see!
 guru - inpriring and powerful
 excellent, brilliant, realistic and technically very sound movie
 yet another well done movie from the mani ratnam stables
 terrific film from the master himself !!
 inspiring story, of a successful businessman.
 the tirade of the bhais
 a good movie with power packed performances
 a solid start to 2007!!
 spirit of new india
 worthwhile movie. excellent direction and acting.
 finally a decent film by mani ratnam
 guru, a winner all the way!
 a bollywood gem
 this film is life time achievement to bollywood
 the story of anomalies in the pre-liberalization indian business situation.... through the story of guru kant desai, an ordinary entrepreneur.
 a perfect example of gripping storytelling and impeccable characterisation
 want inspiration...watch guru....it is overwhelmingly energetic!!!!!
 even dhirubhai couldn't have written a better autobiography
 realistic
 abhishek's best performance till date. ash also rocked!
 solid performances and gripping story after long....
 abhishek bachchan cements his legacy in bollywood
 super fantabulous
 guru (tamil)
 watch this movie...
 mani ratnam's masterpiece
 a story of greatness achieved
 now thats soulful
 journey of guru kant desai.
 a worthy tribute to india's best
 a delightful experience to watch!!
 a spectacular masterpiece that will definitely be an accolade magnet!
 a must watch movie
 noone in bollywood could have done better.
 brilliant 1!
 if you can't run, walk, if you can't walk, crawl, but keep moving..... towards your goal.
