 definitely not a milestone..... but still good......
 wonderfully done
 parineeta-a sensible portrayal
 interesting
 nice family drama but poor climax
 its not about calcutta... but why its not?
 some great bits spoilt by some ultra-corny bits
 a surprising little gem from bollywood
 not bad
 a little disappointing
 visually engaging...
 parineeta
 weak storyline / acted well entire cast
 visually stunning!
 great acting
 romance in the back drop of 60's calcutta
 one of the best romances i've seen. watch out for vidya balan.
 elegant, memorable storytelling
 worship vidya balan!
 a brilliant movie
 very nice, heartfelt period drama
 a decent effort at a good script
 one point in favor of re-makes!
 decent debut!
 brilliant except for the ending
 a milestone for indian film industry
 beautiful portrayal of the city calcutta(kolkata) and its culture
 what can be better...
 a must watch !
 movie of the year!
 a must see
 a great journey after a very long time.
 a true modern indian cinema gem
 an interpretation of sarat chandra chaterjee which is loyal and respectful to the great author
 excels in all departments
 a classical masterpiece!!!!!
 visually stunning, aesthetically appealing, technically perfect -- what great cinema is all about
 awesome
 a nice movie overall !!!
 a tale of survival of true love recreated on the screen
 a mature bollywood flick after a long time
 brilliant.
 ** movie that reassures our faith in good cinema **
 a romantic journey back to the past
 the flick that changed indian cinema
 i found the movie enchanting, and it creeps back into my mind.
 one of the most beautiful bollywood movies!
 this is sure a big hit
 a classic vidhu vinod chopra movie
 one of the best
 should have been nominated for the oscars!!!!!
 comment on the film parineeta - fantastic
 a very touching bollywood film
 a real classic!!
 simply superb, a must watch
 a true classic ... not to be missed
 finally a indian movie worth watching - again and again and again
 a beautiful love story
 hindi cinema at its finest.
 excellent movie!!!
 awesome...touching...indian!
 exotic...refreshing...truly romantic....eye candy... and the list would go on
 beautiful painting/song
 parineeta, simply awesome
 i'm in love with vidya balan
