 different from typical bollywood, but overrated here
 india's answer to sexual-lib
 anurag goes madhur bhandarkar way and delivers a well-crafted, bold but vulgar version.
 a good take off. a soft landing. could have been better
 reinterpreting a classic
 good movie !
 a very good movie
 welcome to the new era devdas !
 a not so gentle devdas
 good
 good start - poor slow ending
 darker version of a modern devdas
 a riveting devd(as) with a quench for more than his morbid soul
 the movie that earned kashyap fame!
 post-modern take on the eternal loser lover of indian cinema
 devdas kashyap-style
 a modern take on devdas
 'art house film' by anurag kashyap
 dev.d (a great fanfare for the new indian cinema)
 itz something different - modern devdas ? intelligient cinema i would say :)
 dev d : something different
 a different kind of film...
 dev d
 devdass of modern times.
 bollywood goes french film style
 too good
 devdas returns
 documenting b- grade sleaze with a-grade class
 emotional atyachar
 brilliant!
 the best devdas till date!
 watch it
 posterboy of modern indian love
 a modern take on a classic story
 "watch dev d, get bombed, and then go watch it again"
 the fundoo emosonal atyaachar
 devd is an 'its own movie'.
 awesome, mindblowing, realistic : one of the bollywood best
 its explicit ...
 intoxicating
 another step forward for hindi cinema
 requiem for dev / dev-spotting
 abstract..different... raw.. real.... and awesome
 this dev rocks
 prepare yourself for a hangover !!
 must watch creative and in-your-face version of today’s devdas
 a different movie with a different take on devdas
 jaw dropping !
 modern take on devdas
 review of dev.d
 a new era in indian musicals!
 an indian classic no one will recognize.
 reasons why u should watch dev.d
 exemplary work of art.....
 compelling, eerie, intense, haunting, evocative, potent, sad,........bollywood has never witnessed these emotions at such a level!!!
 dev.d is anurag kashyap's showcase of his magnificent work which will determine his credibility in indian cinema
 dev.d - ek 'modern' loser ki kahani
 dev d truly shines.
 watch it more than once!
 exceptional greatness
 a piece of art.
 a different gear for indian cinema
 my god ! is this an indian movie ?
 get ready for contemporary hindi cinema
 two thumbs up for ak's piece of art.
 extraordinarily brilliant....
 one of the best film ever made in bollywood .
 cult status
 daring and innovative storytelling
 real contemporary classic
 the most original and groundbreaking movie of recent history - stunning bag of wind
 positively outstanding
 calling it awesome is an understatement...........
 sublime
 dev.d a modern classic
 always be at number one..
 cool movie!!
 dev.d - real dev stands up!!!
 amazing
 astounding,spell-bounding and not for the faint-hearted
 a movie of international standards
 watch the movie after a couple of shots of vodak!!!!!!!!!!!!
 superb...art..one of its kind movie
 superb.
