 believe me its neither hangover nor dch. its "boring"
 heartwarming movie of a road-trip of self-discovery
 strictly for ultra rich people
 very shallow !
 simple safe journey flick
 the poetry stays
 a road trip film with the usual clichés...though it's still very well made and worth seeing.
 awesome movie
 superb fun
 no hay segunda oportunidad de vida
 life is only once
 vagabond of emotions;this road movie is a trip to remember
 with a well paced narrative and brilliant acting, one must confess that this was a joyful experience
 smart, spanish, and a surprisingly spiritual celebration of life!!
 zinda ho tum
 1 of bollywood's best
 oh my god we r flying.... thanks zoya,farhan.....
 in this life
 zindagi na milegi dobara
 watch is once! and watch it dobara!
 a trendy movie to watch!!
 love is what bollywood specialized in and they did it well this time too
 smooth and satisfying
 dil chahta hai of this decade
 not a regular bollywood movie.
 a perfect feel good movie
 a must-see bachelor trip of three bachelors which changes their lives forever
 loving speeches
 short review
 treat where adventure comes along with friendship!
 fun and serious
 excellent movie(love it)
 very good movie spoilt with frequent chaotic lines thrown in
 if i want to go on a trip then it would be something like this.
 a different story
 excellent film. watch it.
 zindagi na milegi dobara is an excellent movie which you can watch "dobara" - don't miss it
 fantastic... go for it..
 brilliantly showcases india's growing individualism
 outstanding movie!!
 loved it
 niche for indian cinema! great job!
 a joyride of bachelorhood, love and friendship
 very classy n a cinematic excellence for bollywood standards
 indian film industry finally growing up !!
 my review: friendship, love and the importance of life
 this is our life!
 seize the moment
 very enjoyable but there are a few little problems.
 the next gen dch
 zindagi na milegi dobara : its all about friends and friendship
 zindagi na milegi dobara is - indian cinema coming of age, refreshing
 one of the best indian cinema has to offer.
 a milestone!!
 extremely inspirational film with superb acting performances..
 stunning!
 awesome movie with life lessons...
 aye dil to kyun rota hai.... (oh heart, why do you cry)
 best movie
 inspires you!
 zindgi na milegi dobara, live it!
 mental buoys rockzzzz.. go for this perfect movie
 mind blowing stuff
 perfect summer movie about the journey of life
 fun adventure road trip
 awesome movie guys!
 a very welcome and needed change from the mindless blockbusters
 you cant miss this film........... life has to be enjoyed.....zindagi na milegi dobara
 simple yet touching
 just watch it
 a nutshell review: zindagi na milegi dobara
 a movie that makes you ask and answer a very important question... are you living, or just surviving???
 all time fav movie!
 this movie is as close to perfect as one could get
 depression cure
 close to heart
 just perfect movie
 must watch!!
 awesome movie, but not a common story
 my all-time favourite!
 if you carry dreams in your eyes then you are alive - javed akhtar
 full of life.
 seriously guys...zindagi will not milegi dobara
 just let yourself go because zindagi naa milegi dobara
 master piece
