 good for bollywood of it's time
 story - good; acting - bad
 shake, shake, shake! shake your movie!
 slow but superb
 a gripping thriller that succeeds at many places but yet has not so convincing climax.
 bollywood's bourne
 fun, but...
 not flawless
 this depiction of indian spy network is funny and dumb (includes many spoilers)
 brave pregnant woman searches for her missing husband amidst corruption.
 lacking of a small climax
 twists
 gud idea..
 watch it for sure !!!
 its kolkata all the way!
 kahaani
 kahaani is not an original kahaani..
 overrated
 good acting of the male actors.
 good story well depicted
 a well crafted desi thriller with a superb kahaani
 my new favorite actress - vidya or bidya?? :)
 intelligently-written and brilliantly-directed mystery thriller!
 kolkata and bob biswas stand out
 a different narration for indian cinema!
 could have been much better.
 good, but overrated
 nice movie to watch for the first time
 two names.
 watch it for its gripping narration, execution and vidya, but it does have its flaws.
 the refreshing combination of parambrata and balan and the motley of emotions and the ease with which they exude them in "kahaani" make for an outstanding watch.
 really unexpected from bollywood
 ... the changing face of indian cinema.
 an excellent contemporary film!!!
 go for it !!
 a potpourri of vestiges review: sujoy ghosh's triumphant attempt at bringing the enchanting city of calcutta to life
 kahaani: a tale of calcutta ...like never seen before and how!!
 super movie!
 storytelling at its best...
 holy what!
 cryptic kahaani
 a must watch for suspense movie lovers!
 an 8 because 80% of the movie is crafted so well
 a movie that keeps you wanting more!
 glory of a story
 simply amazing
 a mysterious movie.
 a treat of a film and a bomb of a vidya.
 usp's - smart, pacy, gripping and bob.
 a must-watch thriller
 what a kahaani!
 kahaani... not a typical bollywood kahaani (story)
 the way forward
 the mother of a story!
 vidya all the way!!
 kahani -- a long awaited gripping, original story with awesome direction
 \m/ must watch \m/
 kahaani is an enthralling watch :d
 indian agatha hitchcock...
 original ....breathtaking... and keeping you on the edge of your seats !!!!!
 kahaani: if 'story' is what you are looking for .... you have knocked on the right door
 one of the best!
 a 'kahaani' to remember!!!!
 a class apart!
 the way it served, deserves a 9
 vidya balan delivers finest perfromance of her career
 a must watch
 a suspense thriller of another level
 a must see if you have certain expectations from indian cinema
 an fast paced, intelligent, genuine thriller!
 never been thrilled before like at the end of this movie in my whole life, n i'm a movie buff
 kahaani's kahani is amazing
 excellent storyline, an unique bollywood movie
 great thriller
 "we do it for the law, he does it against the law."
 it is like korean flicks......and korean flicks are great
 a pregnant women comes from london in search of her missing husband , who came to kolkata,india for a research pro-gramme of two weeks but does not return.
 one of the best indian thrillers ever!
 a rare combination of performance, script, direction, and aesthetics that will leave you stunned
 this is what story-telling is all about!!!
 brilliant script followed with top notch direction,editing, cinematography and performances..!!
 salute vidya balan. vidya takes kahaani to another level
 kahaani review: scintillating blockbuster, must watch
 a nutshell review: kahaani
 super script...
 excellent
 must see! the indian lisbeth salander
 it was awesome
 kahaani is an excellent movie
 a masterpiece...
 kahaani - a true masterpiece cinema which takes you to an exciting thrilling ride.
 the best thriller!!!
 for me the movie scores 10/10 in every aspect.
 awesome movie
 a pregnant lady searching for her lost husband in a kafkaesque thriller in calcutta
 brilliant
 !!!!dont miss it for anything!!!!
 vidya balan is terrific!
 a rare thriller which actually deserves the praise it has got
 engaging thriller!
 one of the best crime thriller
 one of the best thriller of all time
