 confusing storyline but awesome performance of ranbir kapoor
 new way of story telling but its all about ranbir !
 a promise,went off-track mid-way.
 cute love
 love story with a difference
 good but could be much more
 she loves me, she loves me not..
 searching for india's first so called rockstar
 my review on rockstar
 not so rocking.
 "soul stirring" ????
 good music but the story line is lame
 rockstar
 a movie that makes you think about it even when the lights are back on!!
 beauty is in its details
 for me .......movie of the year
 movie stretched for too long..but worth a watch..
 a good watch
 a well-made film! ranbir is oustanding!
 where ranbir excels, nargis repels
 musical bonanza
 rockstar as a musical journey excels with some fantastic acting and mesmerizing music.
 rockstar - ranbir's entry to the elite league
 ranbir kapoor roars with the music of rehman "sadda haq..ethe rakh"
 rockstar : a different and good watch
 mature musical
 one of the bollywood's best....
 ranbir kapoor is the next rockstar
 a different world of music..!!
 rockstar is hardly rocking. it's just a love story under the disguise of the title rockstar.
 a great movie...not....
 ranbir's stellar performance nearly makes up for the movie's flaws
 imtiaz ali best!!!! the real way how love story should be made.
 imperfect love of perfect lovers
 rockstar"-saddaaa haq "
 it rises above the level of entertainment and is like a smashing mirror on our face making us realize our own filthy self.
 rockstar- poignant and one of a kind with soulful music and ranbir's noble performance
 out of the box! and amazing!
 rockstar's love story
 celebration of 'look within' process
 ranbir does it again
 masterpiece
 a musical extravaganza & definitely a fantastic work of art !!
 rockstar - flickyfriday review
 rockstar - something different
 my review: one of the most poignant piece of bollywood cinema
 definely should be watched.
 a different flick by rk with mesmerizing music by arr
 surely not a fairy tale love story.
 best film!
 subtle, suave and sensible!
 rockstar ali
 surpring and not a usual imtiaz ali movie
 some rhythms can be played without any rules
 pain behind the journey of a "real hero"
 just missed from being very good musical to a great movie
 not at all made for unintellectual viewers.intensified.exemplary.
 rockstar - an amazing love story---saddaaaaaaa haqqqqqqq
 rocking !!!!
 an emotional and powerful journey.
 rockstar totally rocks!!
 nargis fakhri ruined what could have been an epic !
 rockstar: to that ordinary person inside every star
 must-watch for music lovers!
 a must watch movie
 beautiful, spirited and moving!
 ...then there are some movies, you wish they never end.
 trio of imtiaz ali, ar rahman and ranbir. boom.
 imtiaz + ranbir + a.r rahaman = excellence at it's best
 jordan-away from all wrong-doings and right-doings!!!
 mindblowing
 jab tak takleef na ho na life mein,tab tak koi bada nahin banta
 rare commodity
 it's a life that describes the pain one lives with...
 braaaavo imtiaz...
 a misunderstood movie!!!
 it is a burst of emotions through music
 oye ranbir puttar! aye le twadda haq. rab rakha!
 you will definitely like it, might even love it, but will not "enjoy" it
 a love story that does not make you cringe
 no words for describing it...
 a new star is born - rockstar
 'rockstar' leaves you with a feel-good hangover of itself, that is hard to digest at first watch.
 excellent piece of work
 honest
 it is about a young successful musician how he become successful along with ups n down in love.
 one of india's successful attempts at making a movie even hollywood should learn from!
 nice musical movie imtiaz ali and a.r. rehmaan is best.
 typical imtiaz ali style movie
 un-indianised, simply brilliant
 entertaining, surprising somewhere, superb acting, one of the best cinematography, crazy music !!!
 best movie of 2011
 a journey of desire, passion, fame, pain, destruction
 deserves 11 out of 10.
 it lasts forever in your heart if you know what love and loss are.
 rockstar - powerhouse performance by ranbir kapoor
 a movie to be remembered for years
 a true masterpiece
 brilliant and true to the bone
 masterpiece!!
 visual hangover...
 awesome music.. excellent acting by ranbir and good story.
 love, pain, struggle creates true artist – movie revolves round this thought
 imtiaz ali's masterpiece : at least 10 year ahead if its time
