 an above average rated movie...why to watch and why not to
 agneepath is not good as expected
 a brutal revenge saga.....
 average
 when evil rises above a boy from mandwa
 agneepath review: the 90s show
 agneepath – good but far from the original cult agneepath
 3( out of 5) for a 3 long hour ride by 3 legendary actors
 overall , a bad attempt to remake such a classic movie !!!
 starts off strong but becomes melodramatic and sappy towards the end.
 a poor remake
 agneepath agneepath agneepath
 this film took a path of fire and came out firing.
 a fine lengthy attempt but not a remake at all.
 i am a fan of a good movie...
 a path of revenge.
 decent adaptation but could be better
 a decent remake...
 agneepath, agneepath, agneepath!
 this movie will give you a 1990s feel with a added 2012 rhythm
 mind you, don't practice comparing while watching "agneepath", even if you are an ardent fan of either of the vijays. life would be simpler.
 a young boy's quest for revenge leads him to become a gangster as an adult, and with each day he becomes more and more like his enemies
 agneepath
 enjoyable with immense drama!
 melodrama, being 1 of d reason why bollywood succeeds!
 keeps you on the edge of your seat, an emotional roller-coaster.
 agneepath
 definitely a intense first half but not-so-satisfying second half
 a little longer than it should've been
 gripping&authentic
 an entertaining vendetta fare...
 thats what bollywood is about....melodrama which tries its best to amuse you
 this is what i call a good bollywood movie.......!!!
 agneepath rises.
 a reconstruction of the classic bollywood revenge story of yore, agneepath sizzles due to great direction and even greater performances.
 this outsider liked it...
 a movie about its characters.
 ************hrithik rises again with this one*********
 agneepath is remade into a legend
 movie review::agneepath
 not the best remake yet 3 hours of absolute brilliance!!
 my review: the dark rises
 entertainment at it's best, even for those who haven't seen the original.
 awesome but prolonged and boring in some parts
 hrithik roshan once again proves why he is one of the leading actors of bollywood
 high octane action-drama ,well complimented by power packed performances
 worthwhile remake of a cult classic
 acting...acting...acting...
 a good tribute with solid performances from hrithik, rishi and sanjay.however, how did kancha not age at all in 15 years? some other flaws too...
 absolute fantastic piece of art
 the old agneepath completely belonged to ab and the new one has hr written all over it
 better than the original.......hrithik roshan at his best.
 vintage bollywood
 a great remake of a already hit movie with powerful acting
 watch it! good movie...
 a fabulous tribute to a cult favourite
 vengeance to its soul...
 agneepath was amazing
 more than just a remake..
 bloody, brutal ... but brilliant
 full on entertainment with power packed performances...
 bang it....
 a must watch ... perfect start to the year!!!!
 agneepath is a true tribute to the original
 absolutely amazing if u watch with an open mind,
 a true reflection of the quality bollywood can produce
 agneepath ! agneepath ! agneepath!
 excellent movie a must must watch
 a nutshell review: agneepath
 just brilliantly made movie... superb and awesome... not be missed..
 agneepath a must watch.
 the best father-son emotional journey showcased. hrithik, rishi ji and sanjay dutt created a magic
 perfect remake
 just full of vengence
 bestest of hrithik roshan's career!
 excellent agneepath
 seems like a typical bollywood movie, but will amaze you by the depth it brings in, thanks to the stellar performances!
 great film
 a true bollywood entertainter
 hrithik and rishi kapoor at their best.....
 now this is what was missing from bollywood for so many years
 agneepath gets it's due..
 a cult classic
 10 / 10 - a masterpiece, a cult !
