 cool romance fanning little breeze this summer.
 a decent light-hearted flick!
 entertainment guaranteed !!!!
 not a cult film like wake up sid but superb
 yeh jawani hain deewani does not live upto the hype surrounding it. all glitters are not gold
 this jawaani is deewani but kahani is purani!!
 not what expected but an average movie with same old concept
 youthful and enjoyable
 good but way too long
 good movie
 unmeaningful, overacted and underwritten youth story
 enjoyable sequel to wake up sid, tribute to indian cinema but nothing fresh about it.
 not up to the buzz produced
 the story of naina and bunny has a few clichés, but it enjoyable and fun.
 been there ,seen that feeling but still it holds!!!!
 i like this movie but hoped better for the ending.
 fun, frolic, and love-filled.... but riddled with clichés....
 a lovely coming of age movie
 paisa vasool fim
 i like it
 feel good !!! 7 on 10
 funny casual movie
 good timespass
 a must-see movie to fall in love with!
 great direction, great songs, great star cast thus my vote!
 youthful exuberance!
 feel good factor of youth tackling ambitions and life
 a very good entertainer from ranbir-deepika
 unexpected brilliance!!
 watch for deepika and ranbir!
 yeh jawaani hai deewani is a movie that can turn a heart-broken alcoholic into the life of the party.
 ain't a masterpiece, but if you're new to bollywood, this is where to start...
 yjhd - a big budget bollywood rom-com-travel movie
 modern and a touch of classic
 good !!!
 a film that will make you want to fall in love
 a bit of both worlds... must see!
 yeh jawaani is full of deewani!
 no second thoughts....just go for it...
 funny,catchy music and beautifully shot. i am sold !!
 the magic of bollywood romance is back
 a lovely love story!
 good one with amazing performances entertains especially the youth audience
 bollywood's answer to hollywood's summer blockbusters
 one blast of a time
 a ranbir deepika show
 much better than expected.....
 my review: something is left out...doesn't matter
 a new era of bollywood movies
 clean bold
 great movie, greater emotions
 awesome movie must watch
 entertainment unlimited.
 fun fun fun!!
 its a fun movie, with fantastic music.
 yeh jawaani hai deewani is a 2013 indian coming-of-age romantic comedy film.
 reality check!
 simple bollywood romance!
 let's fall in love
 a have-to-see movie
 jawani ki jai ho
 fantastic, classy, enjoyable
 i liked it
 amazing film with brilliant music
 total entertainer..!!
 a journey that you must experience
 one of the best romantic drama bollywood movie, had a different experience watching it!!!
 a perfect lovestory!
 not that good but not that bad
 ay kabira maan jaa
 a soothing love to the heart
 a great movie which tells about how to live life to the fullest
 this is the story of two people with different dreams and view points of life!!
 great entertainment
 great
 for entertainment, you must watch it! critically, a maybe.
 evergreen
 just became one of my favorite indian movies :) highly recommended :)
 great story
 lifetime movie..
 magical
 awesome movie!
 awesome movie
 a beautiful movie. all time favourite!
 outstanding
 film is super magic part off life in between anchor off direction.
 a movie that can give me a good time and message also
 one of the best
 my all time favourite
 classic!
 heartwarming, feel good romance! watch it without any doubt.
 yeh jawaani hai deewani
 best indian movie of the most recent generation
 awesome!!
 an all time classic
 worth watching it once.
 most crazy romantic film !
