 breathtaking cinematography...excellent performances
 love of the era
 a brave attempt but ultimately bloated and overwrought!
 a slow paced but well directed off beat love saga which may find tough to please one and all.
 failed to meet expectations
 must watch for all lovers of bollywood romances
 bollywood++.
 lootera is a masterpiece of heart wrenching pure romance. a piece of poetry on celluloid. something rare in the bollywood of today
 lootera - second viewing
 lootera is a love story set in india of 1950s.
 our grand parents romance
 slow but fantastic movie
 nostalgic experience of love and lust
 melancholic, but lyrical
 would've thought it was brilliant, if it hadn't come from mr.motwane
 well-crafted but sluggish.
 the last leaf will never fall...
 strong script with good acting!
 lootera - a little slow, a little dark, but sweet & romantic
 a moving painting with a big screen as its canvas.
 lootera is a fine movie... it's like reading a fine literary novel...
 lootera : a cinematic gem
 8.5 out of 10 for motwanes lootera { loved it :) }
 an art painted on the canvas of the emerging indian cinema
 and i happened to fall in love with cinema..again..
 lootera mesmerizes, enchants and leaves you spellbound !!
 it was a good one.
 poetry on celluloid
 beautifully composed movie with a subtle touch of silence
 a beautiful romance-drama.
 phantom kept their promise for good cinema, yet gain.
 lootera...so subtle, so poetic!!!
 vikramaditya motwane has outdone himself and so has the cast
 my review: it steals with its beauty!!
 not to be missed ...must watch !
 very good and realistic
 this movie has a heart and a soul
 like the words of a book!
 for those enchanted by the embellishments of the past, for those who love romance and for those who love cinema this is a must watch.
 inspired from o. henry's "the last leaf", lootera is the uplifting story of two lovers. of heartbreak, betrayal and ultimate redemption.
 the kind of romantic movies i'm into.
 beautiful story told in a near perfect way, surprising by bollywood standards
 after a long time, a classic hindi cinema...
 the reason , why i love romantic movies.............
 new age bollywood: old days charm
 lootera : (lo)ve (o)f (t)he (era)
 lootera is a perfect evidence of being a great bollywood !!
 true cinema
 lootera. an extraordinary tale of two people.
 lootera mostly unfolds in the eyes of their characters.
 bliss for eyes
 such a masterpiece !
 love is more than a happy ending
 lootera is all about a renewed genre of storytelling, that needs that growth in you. renewed because, its not new genre but has been revived.
 poignant and soulful
 the last leaf
 this movie is simply a poetry in motion!
 mesmerizing film !!
 tears ar the end
 a beautiful film that many overlook
 a classic movie - we get to see movies like this rarely in india
 one of the masterpiece of indian cinema
 a must watch !
 beautifully crafted!
 lootera - a wonderful display of love
 drop whatever you're doing and soak in this love saga.
 achingly beautiful...
 a very light-hearted romantic saga which should be cheered and adored for its stupendous performances , enthralling music and powerful direction. go for it !!!
 motwane captures "love" in his canvas of lens & reflects the pure beauty through silence of its characters..
 apt for the ones who love cinema in its purest form....
 masterpiece!
 subtlety - the biggest performer!
 finally a romantic movie worth falling in love with
 i love it!
 this is vikramaditya motwane's masterpiece
 magneficient, beautiful, lovely..!!
 truly amazed by everything i watched on the screen.
 simply awesome masterpiece
 its a gem...revolution in hindi cinema!!!
 amazing
 an unappreciated masterpiece.
 a true piece of cinematic art..magnetic
 brilliant film!!!
 masterpiece
 beyond everything....
 great movie!
 beautiful piece of art
 great acting and good story
 my review
 visceral. evocative. magnificent.
 classic bollywood movie
 love, emotions & music .. thats all i need!!
