 akshay fooled manoj and neeraj fooled the audience
 an opportunity for a potentially good movie is now wasted
 not the best,but good thriller with awesome climax
 despite getting bogged down by forgettable dance segments, a kitschy romantic subplot & a hollow first-half, special 26 gains momentum post-interval and wins big with climax
 good acting, but story could be better
 intentionally cheesy?
 better than one would expect from akshay kumar's films
 special 26 is a super-over-smart movie with traces of buffoonery!
 special 26
 a smart film that's well worth your time.
 average treat that could have been scripted better!
 not as good as expected
 good watch! 3.5 of 5 stars
 great comeback
 excellent. truly entertaining & gripping.
 a breath of fresh air from bollywood!
 excellent direction
 little less than being perfect
 a fine heist thriller which is enjoyable if you are willing to ignore its big open loopholes.
 'special 26' is not so special
 ???special chabbis???
 regarding ratings given by readers
 special neeraj pandey's another special one.
 intelligent script with best performances
 special indeed!!!
 first hit of 2013
 special 26 is a special one!
 nice performances and good script sums up special 26
 very entertaining
 a well-made thriller
 the another heist one.
 fun of bollywood heist thriller
 superb film
 intelligent plotline, good performances
 special treat for cinema lovers.--maharishi verma
 special chabbis is a must watch!
 well done team 26
 my review: special in every sense!!
 awesome
 smart well-made thriller
 2013 opens on a special note..
 heist movies have come of age in bollywood!
 serious stuff with a touch of lovely humor!
 an underrated gem !!
 great acting makes special 26 more special...
 worth watching more than once !
 brilliant plot, hats off to neeraj..
 wow wow wow super wow movie watch rush to near theater now..double paisa vasool movie
 special chabbis is truly special
 traits of several movies, yet an overall amazing movie
 worth watching
 very impressive...
 simply superb
 akshay kumar should do more stuff like this!!
 excellent heist film to come out from bollywood. wud hav rated 10, but the unnecessary romance angle prevented me.
 a very "special" movie
 awesome movie.. but one goof caught
 mindblowing thriller
 special 26: special indeed!
 special 26 is special
 special 26
 neeraj pandey's second great achievement!
 a treat to watch!
 special 26 is indeed special
 excellent film
 races to an exciting finish!
 a wonderful movie from the makers of "a wednesday"
 its not a akshay kumar film, but a neeraj pandey film
 a mind boggling thriller by man who made a ordinary day special as a wednesday
 special and epic
 very special chabbis......
 a nutshell review: special chabbis
 crisp and flawless
 best con movie that bollywood has ever produced
 a w e s o m e 26 - very - good movie
 a must see!
 bang on target!!!!!!!!!!
 special26...very special movie..complete entertainer
 best heist movie of bollywood !
 must watch
 well written and executed movie
 sharp, intelligent and thoroughly enjoyable thriller
 one of the best hind films ever. one of best heist dramas ever!!!
 must watch
 recommended 👍
 neeraj pandey's gripping script and direction has made special 26 a very very special movie!!!
 my favorite bollywood film
 excellent movie must watch
 asli power dil mein hoti hain! aur asli movie yeh hoti hai.
 super hit
 mind blowing...simply awesome
 masterpice
