 a time pass. thats it!!!
 good fare though historically incorrect
 gunday is about bromance and not the liberation war of bangladesh.
 objective, unbiased, western review!
 bangladeshi's: do you have internet?
 total masala movie which you just love to watch
 insane entertainment to the highest degree
 ignoring the lack of historical accuracy (as it is fiction) it isn't really a bad movie
 you're all being unfair!
 alas! gunday nobody can reform us...we would remain the way, we are...
 great technical sound film
 gunday (u/a) hindi ------------ my rating: ★★★★ entertainer
 engaging periodic action drama
 waste of time?...just the opposite!
 kolkatta tag team
 wrong imformation about bangladesh history..
 apart from one factual mistake, it's an action packed masala film!
 why it has 2.3 rating an underrated movie
 a tale of two outlaws, of two friends; a tale of deceit and treachery
 good movie, doesn't deserve its low rating
 good movie
 "amazing movie"- a beautiful story friendship, trust and betrayal
 a bromance that runs high on emotions!!! ranveer & arjun fans cannot miss it!
 treat for masala-lovers!
 the film is powerful and entertaining...ignore that factual error guys and just enjoy it..
 amazing story,well acted movie. downvoted by bangla people not understanding creative liberties.
 a movie about friendship
 amazing, entertaining, action-packed, funny and gangster movie!
 poor storytelling
 wow, how can people judge a fictional movie based on one thing. top 5 movie of this year by far
 put aside the factual inaccuracies - the film is excellent
 excellent acting, interesting plot, stunning locales and cinematography
 comedy film excellent
 real reason bangladeshis hate this
 very very good film
 bangladeshis, get a life.
 legendary.
 a very very moving movie
 rating is fake and spammed by uneducated people.
 people tend to choose love over friendship. but it all depends on the bond between love and friendship
 reviews too harsh and hateful towards a work of fiction
 gunday is mindblowing movie!!
 a historically relevant masterpiece
 good movie
 very good movie with one line mistake
 good good good
 it was really a good try
 dishonorable portrayal of history
 a touch of brilliance in bollywood
 awesome and must watch movie
 very good movie must watchable
 masterpiece gunday
