 good recipe ! good ingredients ! half-coked dish ?
 this journey starts at 1st gear, then gradually moves on 2nd, 3rd, 4th and reaches at top gear in climax
 glorified stockholm syndrome?
 it gains momentum and sense in the second half...
 halfway
 tragic travelogue
 a fabulous movie
 go for it only if you are an alia bhatt fan /
 average movie
 captivating and heartbreaking romance/drama with intriguing & deep characters! (p.s. there's no stockholm syndrome involved)
 great film !!
 towards freedom
 a good road drama of evolving human dynamics
 a brave attempt but quite an unconvincing one
 highway
 the single most compelling film i've ever seen
 my review: highway of beauty and art!!
 right before her wedding, a young woman finds herself abducted and held for ransom. as the initial days pass, she she begins to develop a strange bond with her kidnapper.
 you need to be in a different platform
 see it for alia bhatt and randeep hooda
 road to liberation
 a house on the hill.
 highway - a very watchable offbeat film!
 serious, equivocal & touching !!!!!
 highway - the road not taken ....
 copied from zee serial rishtey highway
 still old fashioned indian cinema,
 you are now on the highway. please applaud !
 a high cinematic experience
 worth a watch
 imtiaz ali - brilliant storyteller
 a grief sharing, a freedom seeking, and a soul searching.... highway
 highway.....yet nowhere to reach....either love it or leave it
 alia bhatt's coming of age
 amazing ride
 highway- a great journey of two souls.
 mesmerizing,,,,but just for urban audience....
 stockholmed!
 alia bhatt full grown up.
 criminal mind with such ethics - rare or impossible!
 highway - to freedom and beyond
 i went in expecting a romance
 not for people who seek masala n a tad slow
 a visual appetizer+alia+sound design+picturisation+imtiaz:- highway
 a journey towards "serenity"
 the journey which will make your heart take a beating
 very mature, offbeat drama, and breathtaking scenery
 brilliant and thoroughly entertaining
 brilliant movie
 my review
 fabulous but could have been better!
 the road to nirvana via nowhere
 a cinematic triumph -- "highway"
 a masterpiece piece of art !!
 highway - all the way
 spiritual
 a beautiful film!
 its an expressway.... with a good car, great driver and amazing passengers.
 top-notch performances and cinematography convey an impactive story
 highway : unrealistic.. but poetic excellence
 a film that will touch your "heart"
 everyone should watch it.
 awesome movie!
 another example of indian movies moving forward
 take the "high" way!
 highway could prove to be cult in the hindi movies.
 highway simply awesome
 highway - an awesome cinematography, excellent job by all actors
 simple yet a sample of its kind- marvelous!
 a movie with good picturization.
 don't just watch it... feel it...!!!
 imtiaz ali does it again, on the highway!
 must watch
 a beautiful journey...
 sickeningly nice
 imtaiz ali at his best
 a fabulous movie
 imtiaz ali's personal and close to his heart film
 randeep hooda acted really well. aliya was good. the movie reminds me of clint eastwood movie the perfect world.
 imtiaz ali's best work till date
 surprised!
 one of the best movie i have ever seen, i mean it.
 at complete loss of words
 highway - what a ride
 do we have a potential entry for oscars?
 enjoy the journey!!!!!!!!
 raw, original and... a fantastic entertainer!
 imtiaz ali, you genius,,,stop chopping onions :'(
 worth watching
 simply spectacular !!! probably most beautifully shot movie ever...
 harsh, complex, a stab to the indian heart
 one of the most beautiful movies i have ever seen
 the best movie in the recent times
 every girl should watch
 beautiful
 not your everyday bollywood movie
 a must watch
 sensible movie after long time
 love this movie
 amazing movie
