 this movie takes a lot of time to develop!!!!
 could have been a lot better
 overyhyped!! way off the mark for any viewer who is accustomed with bomkesh!
 golden opportunity gone wasted !! highly disappointing
 tantalizing detective drama that falls just short. ♦ 61%
 good story with bad cinematography
 better for those who don't know the character from story books. but only a decent one for die hard fan
 adventure soaked in surprise!
 i really love this director
 good mystery and thriller movie
 i have witnessed very few good detective movie and this one is one of it.
 mystery solved
 movie is ok
 watch it for the dibakar banerjee's creativity
 fabulously crafted detective drama!
 great rendition of detection in an indian context
 a better effort to create the indian sherlock holmes
 well made but.. wrong choice of plot
 watchable experience, but only for limited audience
 a nice mystery movie! byomkesh on the big screen! :d
 a potpourri of vestiges review: dibankar banerjee's dark, sprawling period piece oozing with suspense and film noir elements
 undoubtedly very well made movie in bollywood
 bakshy,byomkesh bakshy!! bollywood's answer to sherlock.
 this movie is just what you need !
 one of the best movies in recent times!!
 bakshy babu is very intelligent. another master stroke for dibakar!!!
 a bold, meticulous and beautiful adaptation
 superlative cinema experience
 "dibakar strikes again with a well-taut thriller suffused with elements of film noir"
 detective byomkesh bakshy- review
 brilliant and mesmerising!!
 the wait for a decent sleuth drama from bollywood is over as dibakar banerjee is here with his latest movie- detective byomkesh bakshy (yes it is a "bakshi" with a y).
 well taken
 'ayyyy bakshy babu!!! batao apni kahani' 👌class💯
 intellectually stimulating and visually stunning
 detective byomkesh bakshi is a 2015 indian action mystery thriller, also we can call it as a indian sherlock.
 director missed the shot but actors gained
 great effort. eagerly waiting for the sequel
 nice adaptation from the real series.
 a definite watch
 a perfectly cooked suspense thriller!!!!!
 detective bakshy - desi sherlock holmes
 must watch movie!!
 must watch if want to see our indian sherlock holmes
 bollywood comes to the rescue!!
 outstanding
 a blast!
 review from a die hard, classic detective fan
 excellent on many levels
 here comes the new age byomkesh !
 brilliant sushant
 good to watch
 saving calcutta
 bruuh! this is the best byomkesh adaptation after ray's "chiriyakhana"
 started slow, ended with a blast!
 bakshy, the story of a detective, hard to miss, kudos to makers!
 the beauty of byomkesh lies in its quaint and austere outlook.
 good detective character in building
 dibakar banerjee is back!
 amazing
 one of the best thrillers from the indian film industry
 a must watch
 really good
 must watch movie
 amazing movie but horrible soundtrack
 one of the best indian movie......
 movie review
 make way for detective cool, detective byomkesh bakshy!
 i'm not a bollywood lover but i liked this movie very much
 a pure delight for detective mystery lovers.
 magical movie experience...
 india's first detective is bang on target!!!
 one f d best movies i've watched in bollywood
 "a good lie is never far from the truth."
 a very underrated movie
 best detective movie out of bollywood india
 will we ever see dr guha's revenge since byomkesh has left us :(
 same excitement from beginning till end
 one of my best movie by best actor sushant singh rajput
 this is a masterpiece.
 gripping thriller with meticulous detail!
 dibakar banerzee you genius!
 shellshocked awesomeness
 bengalis must take over bollywood for good
 proud moment for indian cinema
 classic
 must watch!
 super se b upar
 outstanding sushant as always
 epic
 sushant singh rajput
 masterclasss
 nice
 a film for mystery lovers
