 a subtle take on marriage
 watchable flick
 a simple, sweet but hurriedly made film lacking emotional depth with a soundtrack reminding you of the musical 80s & 90s
 sweet love story.
 a beautiful love story
 an emotive, entertaining and heart-warming film
 one time watch.
 dam laga ke haysa lesson: never marry a stranger!
 one time watchable.
 a short and sweet family movie with a nice message
 very nice effort with something different
 heartwarming!
 sweet,innocent and refreshing
 a beautiful n fresh love story portrayed by heart.
 love comes in all sizes...indeed!
 a dumdaar rom-com; bhumi pednekar is "debutante of the year"
 sweet pure love story
 heartwarming and believable
 its not about size...
 a triumphant love story
 beautiful movie
 good movie, but a few unresolved issues
 totally loved it.
 arrange marriage turning into epic love story after hiccups!
 nice little drama with a touch of romance
 a short and sweet family movie with a nice message.....
 dumb laga ke haisha!
 another hallmark film for indian cinema
 dumdar movie of 2015 till now
 sweet romance that will touch your heart
 a simple story narrated beautifully
 size doesn't matter - grey matter does
 the film is nothing but simplicity of characters who are bogged down with their below-average mediocre lives.
 you'll love it if you were a kid from the 90's.
 one more sucker realizes ultimate tolerance.
 mismatched young couple forced into an arranged marriage rebel, and then some..
 simply a sweet and entertaining must watch movie.
 a new direction to indian cinema by yash raj
 lack of duration
 one of the few best movies bollywood delivers!
 a perfect story!!!
 dumb laga ke haisha film is a nostalgic punch of 80s and 90s
 superb
 a classic of 2015.
 so simple, yet precious
 dumb laga ke haisha – a weighty experience
 a very mature film
 true indian movie......... real 90's flavor.... 80% indian will relate.....
 wonderful all the way..
 sweet !!!! simple !!!! lovely !!! :)
 must watch movie of 2015. ayushmann khurrana has a long way to go!
 do yourself a favor, go and grab the tickets and embrace dumb laga ke haisha
 subtle comedy
 a film made from heart
 excellent piece | original indian scenario
 i didn't loose my smile for not even once for whole movie.
 most entertaining movie of the month- simple yet refreshing !
 i would like to give "dum laga ke haisha" 20 stars because it is just so good
 90s nostalgia
 love can happen even after marriage ....
 fantastic
 underrated movie
 realistic
 perfect entertainment and good social message.
 outstanding
 lovely pair
 bollywood should learn from these kinds of movies.
 amazing must watch!!
