 sweet, but the narrative appears outdated!
 after a long time, salman can be seen in the double role..
 a salman film all the way !!
 90s movie lovers will love it. good for one time watch.
 rajshri has a decent work in this salman movie
 prem ratan dhan payo (title with deep meaning)
 sorry not impressed....
 salman saves another sinking ship..
 a bit regressive here, a bit outdated there, but innocently endearing and naively charming on the whole
 even an average barjatiya film is an easy watch.
 well a nice family entertainer it is!
 an outdated drama presented in grand manner, but very much likable
 prem ratan dhan payo is indeed an entertainer.
 prem ratan dhan payo: - an addition to the current season of old is gold
 awesome diwali family venture from cinema
 it's not that bad
 one that should be watched in theaters
 not your typical sooraj barjatya salman khan film
 worth watching
 what's wrong with a simple, feel good movie?
 amazing movie for family..!!!
 fairy tale entertainment : not bad
 lovely movie
 its really not a bad movie!!!
 thumbs up!
 action, romance and family
 prem ratan dhan payo is an indian family drama
 loved it!!
 "rajshri back to business"
 gorgeous...
 entertaining movie! must watch with your family :) worth it! trust me!
 best work of sooraj salman combo if not dragged too much and filled with too much music
 a very good movie
 heart warming film .
 family entertainer
 review
 its a must watch movie full on entertainment and family values. prem is a delight to watch.
 needs to be watched by every generation at least once
 prem is back
 incredibly beautiful movie-- in scope and emotion
 best movie off all,respect salman khan,wait more movies like this one!
 blockbuster jodi back again
 excellent movie!!
 masterpiece from sooraj n salman. salman khan is on another level right now
 feeling all loved up!
 touches various type of relationship
 good movie
 yet again salman impresses with his acting...loved "prem dilwala"!!!!!
 sooraj barjatya - salman khan the perfect combination.
 family entertainer
 either u like it or u will hate it
 must watch movie with your family
 above average fantasy movie with family politics and values
 this is an excellent family story & superb entertainment movie
 it's all about your family
 movie is very nice
 it is awesome and best family movie
 a comment family entertainer...
 prem ratan dhan payo amazing movie & must watch
 another classic rajshri family film. salman khan's prem dilwala character will become iconic.
 10 on 10 for me
 must watch movie
 prem ratan dhan payo
 best family drama movie with romance and plot
