 indian indie on the lamentable state of the legal system
 some may saw a masterpiece, i would say rather dull but important
 moves away from a mainstream courtroom drama & rather focuses upon the miscarriage of justice due to dysfunctional legal system.
 an uncomplicated portrayal of the complicated indian judiciary. ♦ 65%
 slow but worth watching
 you will fear having to do anything with the legal system
 indian 'justice'
 the beauty of realism
 very interesting courtroom drama from india
 insightful court case in india, partly dependent on laws which should have been abolished long ago. honest portrait of current society and people living there
 a fascinating portrait of an india in flux with traditions and westernisation.
 i loved this film for it's simple and real depiction of indian courts.
 a masterpiece which you cant afford to miss
 brutal depiction & cringing violence of law
 beautiful piece of art.
 an ultra-realistic take on indian judiciary
 a brilliant film; a literary piece of work
 real. raw.
 well made, but flawed; yet, elevated because of the performances by its lead actors
 an absolute gem of a satire
 will open up your senses about what you never had sense about this film 'court' or how a judicial system works....
 a frighteningly good film!
 awesome movie
 a must watch fearful depiction of our police and judicial system that luckily got a national award instead of getting banned.
 subtle, nuanced, focused and deeply disturbing
 brilliantly scripted court drama
 subtle portrayal of contemporary socio-political realities..a gem credited to indian cinema!
 a devastating look at the failings of the judicial system in india
 intelligent and layered storytelling on an important and contemporary subject
 as accurate and real, an indian courtroom drama can get
 awesome; uniquely amazing; a must watch if you seek quality cinema
 an implicit and arduous exploration of a court case
 one of the best of the year
 it's an important film! do watch it.cant afford to miss
 very much realistic
 genuine presentation, very disturbing
 awesome. the best courtroom film in the history of indian cinema.
 truth is bitter than expected
 court is not a movie. its life, sometimes boring, sometimes exciting !
 realistic but not up to the "critically acclaimed" tag
 an honest reflection of justice in our society
 spellbinding
 supercool movie 10 out of 10 especially one who showed court proceedings
 you have to struggle to openly speak the truth
