 not exceptional! yet one of the better bollywood movies
 an average action thriller
 flaws! flaws! flaws!
 good intentions, average execution
 ignore your intelligence and you got a good movie!
 disappointed with straight flowing story
 action crime suspense thriller with a weak plot!
 a well shot, inspired espionage thriller that surprisingly has its director coming into form post 100 minutes.
 intelligent movie but lacked a punch
 and bollywood delivers a rare gem!!!
 finally, the bollywood has grown up
 gripping!
 baby - sarfarosh of 2015
 baby
 one of the best thriller
 overall a good movie by akshay kumar
 a good bollywood movie after a long time
 bollywood action movie in hollywood sauce
 good weekend watch !
 pure thriller but with a not so intelligent script
 good movie
 lost my nails!
 a straightforward espionage thriller that doesn't care to camouflage its violent theme with emotions
 indian espionage at its best !!
 great movie but....
 baby is a blend of many hollywood films
 good to know that cia,mossad thing happens in india too!!!!!
 fall little bit short to make a way to oscar
 baby is a daring attempt which should be lauded and appreciated
 excellent attempt
 baby ;akshay kumar's masterpiece?
 perfect intercepting thriller
 a refreshing movie in the times of happy new year and humshakals
 second half was better...
 a fast paced action thriller
 a great movie from a good director
 neeraj pandey does it again
 one of best bollywood thrillers in recent time.
 great professionally made hollywood-class thriller
 a multiplex movie it is!!
 awesome direction and acting
 this is just a beginning
 baby review
 a masterpiece movie,.
 best bollywood action thriller till date.
 my short review of baby. really enjoyed it
 perfect movie
 masterpiece. had it was made in hollywood, would have found its way to oscars.
 best film by akshay kumar till date
 an engrossing film!
 perhaps the best spy action thriller in bollywood
 finally, bollywood did a perfect hollywood this time.. !!!!
 whenever akshay kumar takes a break from slapstick comedy!!
 an exceptional film, without any comparison !
 mind blowing .. brilliant performance by akshay kumar
 decent movie, has rush moments and calming ones, definitely worth a watch
 take a bow
 a must watch movie
 one of the best movies , i have ever seen
 brilliant, awesome, beautiful and youthful cinema , that's baby !!!
 baby is mature,fast-paced,edge-of-the-seat thriller.....an instant classic
 bollywood thriller at its best
 didn't expect this from bollywood.
 exhilarating thriller from india!!
 if you need an uncompromising thrill, go see baby .
 king of thriller. one of d finest movies of 21st century.
 brilliant espionage!!
 baby...a matured action thriller.....
 simply superb.
 neeraj pandey and akshay kumar are awesome
 baby review
 edge of the seat action thriller
 a thriller that india will always be proud of !
 one of the best!! well... at least the second half is!
 excellent
 simply put akshay's best performance,neeraj's best film, one of india's best thrillers = a masterpiece... a film made on international standards
 masterpiece
 this baby will really blow your mind with its flawless and high voltage electric performance
 actually right act
 one of the finest film of bollywood and akshay kumar
 neeraj pandey has once again impressed with his "baby" starring akshay kumar, rana daggubati, taapsee pannu and anupam kher in lead roles.
 neeraj and akshay's terrific baby's day out at silver screen
 excellent movie
 this is the best ever made movie in the history of indian cinema
 one of the best movies i've seen
 akshay kumar gives us his best action thriller...
 baby is bollywood and akshay's most grown-up
 must watch action thriller movie!
 fantastic action + thriller movie.
 a nice movie
 finally a super duper hit from akshay kumar
 triple time watchable movie (only for intellectuals)
 baby hindi movie review 10/10
 people must encourage the movie like baby for the health of indian movies that is currently not in good shape
 excellent direction and gripping storyline - baby is a must watch.
 worth watching.best contemporary patriotic movie
 almost perfect, flawless, superb acting akshay kumar. needless to say it is be one of the best movie bollywood ever have
