 a potpourri of vestiges review: dil dhadakne do (2015): zoya akhtar's insipid family drama about a delhi-based upper class punjabi business family
 held my attention
 "a family entertainer straight from the heart"
 a well-attempted yet, not very impressive westernised take of an indian travel-themed-story
 dil dhadakne do conveys: love, live and let live.
 let the hearts beat.....loudly. speak up.
 a family drama....nothing more!
 one time watch
 a movie good in parts !!
 zoya akhtar's liberation of life manifesto is here; break the shackles with dil dhadakne do!
 dil dhadakne do: character-driven brilliance minus the cheese and corn
 a well-made & well-acted film!
 a memorable cruise trip
 a good film! (for the most part)
 all about life & love
 "dil dahdakne do" ("let the heart beat") is an ambitious and enjoyable indian film.
 must watch family melodrama.
 despite few hiccups, dil dhadakne do should be watched for brilliant and convincing performance
 the movie is flawed but sensible, practical and relevant and deserves a watch.
 something fresh & lovely
 fun, entertaining, and everything a movie wants.!
 dil dhadkne do! - let your heart sail!
 dil dhadakne do is a perfect family entertainer..
 anil kapoor & ranveer singh rock
 don't miss hone do
 modern hum saath saath hain!
 dil dhadakne do (u/a) hindi -------- my rating: ★★★½ family entertainer
 most honest portrayal of human relationships
 a different and comic look on modern life......
 must watch with entire family!
 fresh-witty-classy-awesome watch
 dil dhadakne do is charming fluff
 ddd is the most fun of had in the theaters this year!!!
 dil dhanakne do : a story of a which most of the family can relate to in one or other way.
 a satirical and yet emotional take on modern day life and problems
 worth watching
 well performed and well executed story-line
 definitely worth a watch, despite minor flaws.
 incredible! claps for zoya akhtar.
 fun cruising in a family crisis
 could have been an excellent movie if zoya could grasp the concept of subtlety
 a breath of fresh air
 nice one
 zoya never disappoints!
 an uplifting movie which celebrates what it means to live and love
 a feel good entertainer that turns every clich into something interesting
 nice film
 dil dhadakne do, a visual treat.
 amazing
 great family romantic drama movie
 riveting, fresh and brilliant film with honest performances
 make sure you go with your whole family to watch this movie
 impactfull and hilarious ddd is my cup of tea, will taste it again obviously!
 underrated film that is well worth watching
 watch! watch! watch!
 another fun bollywood drama
 must watch
 one more underrated movie
 fun, eye candy movie, and very well made too!
 the great family drama
 lets bring the ratings back around guys!!!
 follow your heart
 more funny than a lot of comedy from bollywood in the recent past, and very realistic
 ddd will cheer you up.
 an average plot just elevated to a level of brilliant entertainer with a message
 don't even think about missing this!
 a photo-realistic modern family drama and a wonderful satire of picture-perfect cinematic families...
 brilliant storytelling
 family is everything
 the movie worth the time.. its is under rated.. it should deserve 8 stars at least.
 a very good movie
 a beautiful masterpiece.
 visual treat. cinematic masterpiece. edible flaws.
 classic!
 best direction
 sheer brilliance on the cruise! a movie to watch out for :)
 brilliant movie 👌
 very well executed
 witty, high energy, humorous take on relationships
 a must watch :)
 some movies are not meant to be seen by brain
 this film is golden. there is no such thing as a normal family.
