 very lil to do with the actual case. nevertheless a decent one time watch.
 good acting performances with a great body language of all the characters. could have been formulated better, but with a good intent, it furnishes a decent delivery.
 failed in few things but won it in few thing, overall a decent film.
 akshay is the real captain of this movie...forget rest of others......
 great story killed by ordinary screenplay, unnecessary humor and waste of acting talent
 mixed ...
 too much masala !!
 one time watch if you are a akshay fan
 a strange take, a strange angle to look at from, on a strange case!
 definitely must watch once...
 akshay kumar saves the drama.
 two things you need to know. its doesn't even show a half of the story which actually happened and and its almost a comedy movie with a lot of really good jokes in it.
 an entertaining thriller of a sensational crime
 well worth a watch - murder mystery keeps the interest alive till very end
 akshay kumar performance is terrific in the movie
 sufficiently good and entertaining........
 a decent movie where the one who wins is a people's guy!
 do not miss this one!
 nice movie
 nice movie
 movie review
 nice movie
 celebrates crime
 something is missing
 good but could have been better..
 watch it for akshay kumar
 well packed and not melodramatic
 a court room murder mystery- it does not disappoint.
 "fabulous court room drama"
 good one-time watch
 rustom is packed with good performances.
 taut thriller! controlled and matured performance by akshay!.
 excellent movie with some glitches in direction and screenplay.
 a likely entertaining legal-suspense-drama
 engaging court drama with good number of twists
 watch it for akshay's acting & illeana''s looks
 nice movie
 nice movie
 nice movie
 nice movie
 based on a true story means some liberties were taken, no need to judge harshly for that
 worth watch...
 review
 damn the pundits
 murder mystery on real incident
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐
 nice movie
 nice movie
 nice movie
 nice movie
 nice movie
 nice movie
 very nice movie.
 one more masterpiece by akshay kumar
 akshay kumar is back as the poster boy of patriotism.. thumbs up
 murder mystery
 a riveting watch
 the story is gripping and one you've never seen before, kudos to akshaykumar for a splendid performance!
 must watch every on with family.. fully entertainment film
 don't miss !!!!
 the perfect movie
 masterpiece
 best
 must watch!
 don't miss this suspense movie
 treat for akshay kumar fans
 a fitting cast and worthy plot
 all over decent movie
 worth watching. highly recommended for intellectual people.
