 ddlj returns with a modern version?
 a simple story, that could have been more
 good direction, lack of story
 the star-studded lead couple ruin a perfectly well musical drama
 jab harry met sejal for two and half hours!
 imtiaz ali's weakest but still watchable
 shah rukh is good but fails to pull this weak script off
 a senseless story that flourishes on imtiaz ali's direction for a while
 a typical srk movie
 looks beautiful but lacks depth
 "jab imtiaz ali met plagiarism"- only for srk fans but others can slightly avoid this
 meh !
 not good at all.
 solid romantic comedy with subtext
 first half is awesome, second half could be better
 not good, not bad either
 it's harry-sejal movie; not imtiaz's, neither srk's
 jab harry met sejal review
 for people who still believe in love
 read the theory at the end before you watch the movie
 a sweet & romantic movie that could have been better!
 a director on the verge of becoming a flop director meets an actor on the verge of becoming a flop hero and make a familiar but more then just a decent film
 #jabharrymetsejal #jhms - a journey by imtiaz ali
 i loved it ,simple and funny
 great watch till the climax
 watch the movie only by expecting nothing out of it
 something missing - probably the soul
 a fun romantic comedy--nothing more, nothing less
 deep meaning of life and relationship
 watch twice to appreciate
 not as bad as people are making out
 it's not as bad as everyone is making it out to be.minor spoilers
 it's love story movie not alien attack movie
 a fun rom com
 pairing of srk-anushka is the biggest plus point in this happy go lucky film by imtiaz
 and shah rukh khan seals it with a kiss.
 what you seek so shall you receive...
 my new girlfriend loved it...watching again with my wife tonight..
 it's all about the journey
 forced hate
 watch for most beautiful songs.
 this movie has it's heart in the right place.
 good movie. does not deserve all the hate.
 just funny...
 cute and fun
 dotted lines are key to 'jab harry met sejal' (with a few necessary spoilers)
 in general - beautiful visually, with beautiful songs the film about the eternal - about love
 definitely not a bad movie
 srk-anushka's brilliant chemistry,their acting, imtiaz's direction
 beautiful movie
 romantic film, srk shines, weak script, still watchable for those who believe in love
 srk & anushka's charming chemistry
 not everyone understands the depth of imtiaz ali's movie.
 srk the boss of romance
 surprising instant classic once you rewatch and connect with the characters
 intense romantic film
 i don't care what anybody says. i adore this movie!
 awesome
 most underrated movie of the decade...for obvious reasons.
 hit movie
 good movie
 jab harry met sejal is much more than finding a lost ring
 movie for those who can think and feel
 a sensitive movie for sensitive people
 shut up haters, i loved jab harry met sejal
 super romantic and excellent performances make it an instant classic! best romantic movie about finding ourselves
 move over harsh reviews! here's why you should definitely watch jab harry met sejal if you haven't already!
 quick take: happy and fluffy romcom
 best movie with true feelings
 srk being srk and imtiaz being imtiaz, the film is a super entertaining and an soul soothing watch.anushka does her job.
 excellent movie of 2017
 a mid life love story
 it's a movie to keep for the love struck!
 modern day fresh rom com. strictly for those who love rom coms.
 romantic emotional roller coaster
 nothing can be more romantic than this one. loved it from the bottom of my heart
 outstanding movie
 you will see this movie with a smile
 collectively i can call it best imtiaz's movie
 loved the movie
 'jab harry met sejal': a sophisticated rom-com reminiscent of european slice of life films. 'don't listen to the naysayers!'
 haters roye dhoyein , chikhe chillayein : honest review likhne walon ko unse ki aamb lene hain !!
 the best 2017......
 amazing film! shah rukh-
 ***go watch this movie** you will love it***
 absolutely brilliant
