 meh...an ok movie...nothing great
 the performances are excellent but the movie has issues
 overrated - since introduction, still good to watch.
 emotional & entertaining
 freedom
 on the note!!
 basically qualified inspirational films, but the outbreak of mom is slightly prominent.
 the storyline same as the last
 brilliant movie but like majority of indian movies
 inspirational family drama yet understated and escapist....
 beautiful
 aamir khan loses his magic
 definitely a good movie
 delicious slice of life
 zaira's dream with aamir's comic tadka!
 a secret recipe for success
 a warm embrace
 although aamir khan - naam hi kaafi hei. but seriously this movie is so much more then that..
 secret superstar is another best aamir khan film to watch out with your family this weekend!
 secret superstar is certainly superhit in terms of its content and superlative performances.
 long review: secret superstar
 so far, i've never been disappointed in amir khan's movie!
 singing on the road of pursuing dreams
 an excellent watch !!
 thank you for this feelgood moments!
 secret superstar
 a beautiful movie with lots of fun,joy and sadness
 touching
 great movie with awesome music... fantastic!
 a beautiful fairy tale
 its not the classic, but a genuine film making with a few negligible glitches.
 count one more classic in apk's bucket. birth of a genius director and great actress.
 aamir's movies, our dreams
 sparkling .. enigmatic !!! zaira wasim is not a secret superstar any more
 the secret superstar – bollywood drama about ambition and domestic abuse.
 secret superstar.. everyone has the right to dream!
 a lot of emotions, little funny and heartfelt
 moving, thought provoking, emotional and inspiring.
 deeply hurt
 the girl in the burka is human like us
 good film
 sings from the heart
 the movie is class apart
 for me, it was a surprise
 wow...wow...wow... don't miss it...
 wonderful movie
 who is the actual secret superstar?
 a war every woman should fight for.
 real inspiration to live your own life
 yet another masterpiece from aamir khan productions
 very good, 12+
 an awesome film wrapped with emotion in every frame
 emotionally powerful , solid story of a girl and her mother
 take a bow advait chandan and aamir khan productions!
 carry tissue paper if you are emotional or non emotional...
 sweet, funny and inspirational! i just loved it!
 a movie about a family, but not a family movie
 simple but powerfully acted, sweet but not syrupy.
 aamir khan's diwali gift to all mothers & motherhood ★★★★★
 the child actor from dangal is phenomenal. terrific acting by her. beautiful film.
 marvellous heartfelt movie for all the mothers out there!a true gem...
 great movie
 india's answer to "a star is born" ..but wait ..this one came before..and is even better!
 zaira deserves an oscar for her performance.
 terrific film with powerful emotions and entertainment, an inspiration!
 amazing movie!
 best movie
 do not miss this movie. a must watch
 a perfect diwali gift from a "secret superstar"!!!
 couldn't believe the gem i found out of simple boredom
 two and a half hours touched so many aspects!!
 masterpiece of works
 one of the most underrated movie....
 mind-blowing tale of love btw mother and daughter
 brought be to tears
 amir sir love u extraordinary ,
 a movie that actually makes sense
 probably my favorite hindi movie till date
 secret superstar went beyond my expectations
 amazing movie
 amir khan never disappoint
 awesome movie
