 rao shines in this survival film
 watch it for rajkumar's act ,average flick
 good to watch, but some parts dont make sense.
 good try
 character is unentertainingly stupid
 loved the concept.
 2 major flaws in direction: the fire and the leather belt.
 trapped: a soft hearted's nightmare
 the survival instinct
 not for ordinary people, this one is for cinema lovers only
 thriller
 well acted and worth a watcg
 india's answer to solo man survival genre.
 better call saul s2 ep1
 trapped review
 rajkumar rao is the next big thing- our under dog hero !
 rajkumar rao returns...........
 trapped - scary, funny, entertaining
 trapped with awe. ♦ grade b+
 thrilling movie
 acting! and thrilling
 an epic tale of fighting with the odds!
 trapped with rajkumaar rao.!
 can be compared with the great 'cast away' in an urban plot
 worth dealing with subtitles
 subtle concept played well.
 everything in the movie was great except the thing that why didn't he tried to burn the gate.
 an intelligent survival-thriller delivered craftily by motwane-rajkummar
 great "isolated" movie. you don't need to understand hindi to see.
 underrated gem.
 must watch for alive feeling....
 urban entrapment
 bestest.....
 deserves a lot more applause
 most watched......
 masterpiece of bollywood
 experiance of different kind of emotions
 story + acting + screenplay = great movie.
 a must watch
 survival thriller
 executed with perfection - a genre tried for the first time in bollywood
 trapped review: a refreshing and captivating survival saga.
 trapped:loneliness in the middle of city
 this movie is so brilliant and i cannot stop reflecting about it. must watch.
 brilliant,creative and thrilling
 height of excellence
 must watch for movie lovers
 a must watch not to be missed thriller.
 perfect survival,thriller movie. hardly a bollywood material. hatsoff
 3 reasons for watch this movie
 fight to survive
 need more such movies
 gem. bollywood is reaching places
 best movie of 2016
 awesome movie
 awesome movie
 brilliance at acting and directing!
