 entertaining thriller but no way near to original
 fail to create yash chopra magic
 great beginning and ending
 akshaye khanna entertains in a decent whodunit!
 not enough evidence to support the 2nd half of the film.
 nice movie. but somethings are not realistic
 a well thought out whodunit with a very poorly thought out twist ending.
 surprised. good story
 the coincidence of two murders and a writer
 a remake which retains the flavour of the original
 for me it's average business!
 unnecessary suspense
 strong story with weak dialogues
 a good plot, a matured handling and a brilliant akshaye khanna
 akshaye khanna shines in this unconvincing plot
 not the best thriller yet worthy of a watch !!
 apart crime thriller.
 ittefaq se average
 apart from solid cinematography and editing, ittefaq also benefits from solid performance. akshaye khanna
 one of those films where camera plays a major role rather than just capturing the films
 a rarity in indian cinema!
 average
 preety nice plot
 ittefaq
 what the ittefaaaq...
 double murder mystery
 a must watch thriller
 too many plot holes
 typical great writing at the end saves an average thriller
 a great suspense thriller!!
 this is a bollywood movie? what ttefaq!
 good film.
 good and sensible movie!
 a good old suspense movie
 great film from a first-timer
 extra twists.
 one of the movie which don't have unnecessary drama
 great movie !!!
 a satisfying thriller
 bit cliché for keen watchers.
 engaging, deserve your time
 definitely worth a watch
 gripping plot but take it with a pinch of salt.
 very good suspense thriller!
 they worked so hard on the suspense that they forgot to review the flaws
 ittefaq review
 a superb film by siddharth malhotra
 adequately bamboozled
 ittefaq is truly a suspense thriller. first of its kind in india.
 this is a movie...
 amazing
 he believed in coincidence and it worked.
 ittefaq excellent suspense movie
 excellent screenplay with solid background score and with lots of ittefaq
 a small concept done a really great job!!!
 one of the best bollywood movie i've ever watched
 yay! it's a movie by sidharth malhotra that wasn't a flop!
 akshay khanna
 amazing!must watch,my only regret is to not watch it in cinema
 last 15 minutes paisa vasool..we want ittefaq 2
 smart direction, good cast and fast pace.
 excellent thriller
 shahrukh khan is the murderer......in darr, baazigar, anjaam,don, raees, ram jaane. not this one. find out yourself!
 best thriller and suspense movie
