 watch it to know how india did it
 offers lessons in how to kill an exciting story
 this film stole interstellar's soundtrack
 good story, not so good execution!
 good attempt, but severely overrated.
 great plot poor execution
 based on a great true story...but director and story writer screwed it up
 great story, poor direction
 a bit of a let-down
 based on one of the proudest moments of india
 good watch
 my review!
 good story
 fast paced thriller!
 made with well intentions and some improvisations
 interesting story with few glitches
 inspiring
 the rebirth for john abraham
 the kind of movie bollywood needs
 it will give you goosebumps
 a movie to watch before you die.
 if you have patriotism within you, this movie will give you goosebumps!
 witness how the nuclear is tested
 parmanu: a brief review
 surprisingly an awesome film by bollywood.
 truly patriotic
 honest parmanu: the story of pokhran (2018) review...
 a no-nonsense movie
 the theme of this movie is great
 nice movie
 little dissappointed
 great topic but not best direction
 great movie with excellent narration
 do watch to experience the 1998 nuclear testing thrill
 parmanu review
 parmanu ! the first step of india to become a nuclear state
 decent film
 good story well told
 a must watch patriotic film. john's career best.
 this movie will revisit you proud moment for whole nation
 parmanu - the explosion of patriotism!
 patriotic, factual and entertaining treat, one must not miss!
 a movie which will make you watch it again and again
 at the end of the movie, my chest swells with proud
 this is a film you should not miss, content driven movie at its best
 a story we need to know
 awesome movie!!! must watch
 superb
 a patriotic movie which can edge you to the seats
 great movie ,plot. focussed
 good plot
 best performance for a true story
 one of the best thrillers of hindi films
 patriotic thriller
 pride for every indians
 a must watch patriotic film.
 interesting plot
 hats off to the visionaries who made india emerge as a superpower
 must watch
 just watch this film. an epic proud indian moment awaits you.
 amazing mindlowing movie, one of the best movies of the year
 another chak de india like film after 11 years
 must watch
 indian history's best kept secret
 a must watch, informative movie for everyone, especially indians
 classic...!!
 a must watchable film.
 a classic!!!my grandchildren are going to watch and love it even 50yrs from now.
 best tribute some real heroes
 not have seen such a good hindi movie in a decade
 a must watch movie
 you should watch this movie!!
 a must watch for every indian
 a patriotic film. great job by all actor's. one must not miss!
 lovely and solid movie
 you will feel proud after watching this movie
 amazing movie
 one of the best creations of bollywood
 salute
 this movie represents the proud moment of in india
 parmanu is as beautiful as pokhran itself
 wow !! i will this movie again on my home tv soon
 based on true events, makes one proud to be an indian
 awesome patriotic movie
