 as sweet as it's title.
 good enough for indian audience
 well paced okay rom-com
 old repeated predictable story
 a simple light hearted comedy,which cannot be ignored because of powerful performance of rajkumar rao
 bareilly ki barfi is a clichéd romantic comedy which can be watched once for rajkumar rao's amazing performance.
 rajkummar rao steals the show in this sweet but predictable rom-com!
 watch b4 anybody spoils it for u!
 cliché bollywood romance.
 whitewashes bully behaviour! who does that in the age of social justice!
 those who came in love and memory of nil battey sannata will highly be disappointed and....
 pack of fun love drama!
 watch it for rajkumar rao
 laugh out loud family entertainer
 rajkumar rao rocks!!!!
 a sweet and funny movie that bollywood needed
 go for it
 bollywood entertainment
 cute and nice 7/10
 entertaining and unpredictable
 enjoy it
 sweet as barfi
 sweet family entertainer
 finest comical love story.
 rajkumar rao is the star of this film.
 nailed it...!!
 simply wicked
 not bad movie. just okay okay.
 simple yet powerful
 okay
 a great movie ruined by bad acting
 as sweet as 'barfi'
 an authentic and a sweet love story,just like a barfi!
 this barfi is sweet and addictive!
 a simple story that achieves its goal
 delicacy which needs to be relished
 pleasure to watch
 one of the best comedy watch
 a fantastically written script that flourishes under the direction of ashwiny iyer tiwari. after nil battey sannata last year, she once again showcases her direction class
 excellent comedy entertainer
 nice movie
 fun movie to watch
 entertainment guaranteed!
 very good
 rajkumar rao show
 entertaining and refreshing
 extra marks for raj kumar rao
 rajkumar rao overshadows everyone in this comedy of weak screenplay !!
 lovely sweet entertainer
 pure love story
 great bollywood rom com
 bareilly ki barfi review
 not your typical rom-com
 sweet as sugar!
 pleasant watch
 it's a rajkumar rao show altogether
 just loved it!
 pure fun until you don't try to be sherlock holmes
 best bollywood movie of this year till date!
 a great entertainer throughout
 a quirky rom-com that proves the 'laws of murphy'
 new india
 1 no. movie - full paisa wasool!!
 awesome romcom with a middle class touch
 beautifully portrayed movie. hats off to all the lead actors.....
 beautiful, fun movie with a message
 beautiful story
 will exceed your expectations for sure!
 one of the best movies of 2017.
 'bareilly ki barfi' is as desi as bareilly and as sweet as barfi.
 best movie of the year.
 fresh delight of sweetness
 most underrated film of 2017
 characters seem real and true
 must watch it
 ayushmann & rajkumar roa very underrated
 ayushmann khurrana and rak kumar rao
 love the movie
 engaging movie
 raj kumarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 all time favourite
 bollywood a list movie - terrific
 ek number
 nice to be reviewed it...
 fulfilled roller coaster
 a perfect and epic to watch
 great acting by rajkumar rao !
 one of the best in recent times
 brilliant movie ...brilliant acting....brilliant script! gg!
 fresh casting for family audience in a fresh environment...last one was badrinath ki dulhania with 100% happiness & 100% entertainment... do not miss this one !!
 breathe of fresh air!
