 does not appeal to rural small town mass audience - why?
 kashyap mingled his thoughts about indian sports scene with his sense of film which will work comercially.
 nice film by anurag kashyap
 this film is a guide on how to ruin a completely good concept.
 vineet kumar singh's "mukkabaaz" vs michael b. jordan's "creed"
 it is anurag kashyap's most mediocre work till bad
 a passion killing climax of a passionate sportsman in a caste infected real society
 an overambitious treatment
 a film that is confused about what it could be, what it tries to be and what it is.
 great acting.
 beauty & the beast combat the system!
 worth watching jimmy shergil
 mukka is powerful
 great beginning & great middle - ending was a let down
 what is both beautiful and ugly in india
 super start of 2018
 solid punch from anurag for the audience
 a gripping dark tale of romance and passion
 masterpiece
 "boxing ke upar agar film bane to 40 crore kama leti hain, aur boxing match dekhne kelie 40 log vi nahi ata"
 it's not gangs of wasseypur, but bombay velvet neither.
 real raw story
 worth watching
 sweet side of anurag kashyap? yes, that was very sweet!
 must watch if you love real acting .
 gritty and powerful.
 good movie but slightly below anurag kashyap level
 raw... powerfull punch...bangon..!!!
 awesome film, when will this beautiful, diverse country ever be rid of caste system n fringe elements.
 mukkabaaz is a film packed with lot of punch !!!
 a rare genre of sports drama
 intensity
 inspirational and moving
 anurag kashyap's mukka(punch) to the indian society.
 perfect mix of humour & tension. one of the best from anurag kashyap
 in awe of anuraag kashyap
 another gem from a master director
 but why did he leave his passion for love.
 great film with such versatile acting
 best actor ever
 compelling
 great entertainment, great film.
 superb movie
 bravo anurag kashyap
 the greater than life tale of a gritty boxer from the heartlands of uttar pradesh
 solid performances and direction
 a gem of a flick
 finally we got indian "rocky"
 such a powerful movie and this is how we want to see the beginning of a revolution.
 a satisfying want
 mukkabaaz review
 wow! that was surprisingly good
 this is the kind of movies bollywood should make
 method acting and the presentation.
 best film
 awesome movie
 one of the best movies i have seen in my life
 a gem of a movie
 underrated movie
 no match
 typical anurag kashyap movie, one of the best sports movie in bollywood
 watch this
 no words..!!
 great film
 vinit kumar singh will be next super star of bollywood
 one of the most underrated movie.
 harsh reality of our unprivileged society
 one of the gems of hindi cinema.
 anurag kashyap is a god of craftsmanship!!!
