 "padman - remake of "phullu" with a list actors"
 great story backed by great performances
 not terrible, but a ridiculous ending.
 this issue must have been addressed so i appreciate it even being over dramatic, slow and preachy at places
 a brave and an inspirational attempt......
 heartfelt & well-acted!
 uxoriousness
 sincere film
 commendable effort but ..........
 educating and entertaining at the same time.
 padman is a refreshing journey which should be lauded for its boldness and message for a cause
 a must watch movie for all
 standard pipeline products
 padman-chaddi ka chamatkar
 story of a man we needed to hear.
 underwhelming
 i enjoyed this movie
 this one deserves to be in imdb 8+ list.
 perfect example to describe the "woman's problem" in india.
 a good film for it's message and execution.
 padman is yet another akshay's entertainer with social message
 this film captured the horrors of being a female in a country full of bhakts very well but
 we can announce confidently - india ke paas apna superhero pad man hai.
 an epic movie....almost!
 brave, inspiring, and bloody good
 "padman"- my review
 great story.. ok movie
 what a story!
 based on a true pad
 lost it (spoiler)
 the last speech
 can make the movie like a documentary picture...
 oh, that was a lovely movie, indeed!!
 inspirational to the core
 simplistic yet impactful
 emotional, inspirational and engaging biopic
 pad man: r balki's first "period" film with full of social message
 an eye opener classic for sensible people.
 this movie will make everyone smile
 two extra stars just for the bravery to make such a film!
 definetely should go for oscar
 strongly recommended
 padman informs, educates and also entertains!
 long review: padman
 movie that tells about desire of a common man to bring some change in society
 a must watch movie.with eye opening script and awareness spreading journey of arunachalam murgnatham(real padman)
 great movie and we just need to telecast this movie in every corner of developing and under developed counties..
 what we take for granted
 topic that need to be talked...
 must watch movie, best after dangal or same
 inspiration
 top notch acting ! akshay's best film till date !
 a perfect social drama
 padman
 tedtalk
 this is a story of achiever!
 a must watch, without any doubt, but with a bitter ending.
 recommended 👍
 akshay great choice this issue
 brave attempt
 amazing movie
 very informative and very entertaining...
 sooperaho!
 badman to padman
 its not another story
 simply outstanding!!!
 good movie and we need more movies like this
 one of the best films i've seen
 inspirational movie.
 social awareness with the touch of love story
 must watch
 super movie
 padman review: india has got the most innovative superhero!
 excellent movie..
 a movie of social awareness for india
 good movie
 a story of a madman who changed the world and mindset of society by his insanity and innovation.
 such a nice movie!!!
 "mind blowing"
 a film that deserves national award - padman - fs
 i am a fan of r balki now
 t
 mindblowing
 the real usp of the film is that it is a biography
 heart at the right place. applaud the intent!!!
 no words just amazing...
 go padman
 real superhero
