 weak writing
 doesnt entertain or titillate but actually educates
 a gripping courtroom drama is judicially correct but sentimentally not..
 abrupt climax, too much english
 the other side of the coin.
 good, but....
 one-line review: section 375 / courtroom drama with some novelty / 7 stars
 "law is a fact. justice is abstract"
 akshaye khanna - i bow down!!!
 good acting
 interesting story; worth a watch; not legally sound; average acting
 alas , only if the movie could have managed to hit a home run.
 great movie but slightly overrated
 good to watch
 well-made courtroom drama, similar to 'pink'.
 good movie but
 after pink, this movie has talked about other side with super performances.
 one of the best court room drama-movies..!
 stinging indictment!
 an excellent movie led by a superlative akshaye khanna
 disturbing courtroom drama!
 shiney ahuja's case
 good courtroom thriller
 gives a new dimension to metoo movement !!!
 some serious acting!
 nice court room drama with a large dose of reality
 superbb movie
 excellent and gripping court room drama
 facts and perceptions do not necessary align always and justice and law is one of those
 it's a huge slap on law
 much needed content.
 nice movie. won't watch again.
 section 375
 good to see akshaye khanna back
 why indians wasting money on big stars' movies when they have quality films like section 375
 an important perspective
 bollywood need more of this kind movies
 out of the box !!!!
 a surprise !!!
 woman concern ipc 375
 a well executed courtroom drama!
 stunning drama between law and justice
 fantastic flick! stirs up so many thoughts..
 hits the right notes
 justice is not black or white but it lies in between
 great story!!! 👌🏽
 one of the best courtroom drama!
 must watch movie
 justice is served.
 a tightly packed courtroom drama
 this movie was a mirrir projection or shainy ahuza case
 an eye opener for the so called social media courts.
 we are not in the business of justice, we are in the business of law.
 "we're not in the business of justice, we're in the business of law".
 most underrated court room drama
 courtroom drama
 outta expectations.
 one of the best indian courtroom drama
 unhappy with movie ending.
 mind = blown! amazing performamce by akshaye khanna.
 exquisite
 i'm stunned.
 some outstanding court room drama, thought provoking aspects of justice ,
 fabulous performance by the 2 great artists .. akshaye & richa
 it give you goosebumps in the end
 damm amazing,must watch,
 akshay khanna always under-rated this movie is worth it
 section 375
 the movie teaches you a lot.
 section 375
 masterpiece
 great one in present scenario
 an eye opener
 you have to watch it....
 nothing different but still catchy!
 good drama
 worth the watch
 a courtroom drama that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
 dekho bhai log, dekho!
 a must watch
 fantastic movie of the year
 law is a fact justice is abstract
 must watch to see both side of sexual harassment
 masterpiece.... must watch.
 judicial drama between accused and victim
 its one of the best movie i have after many days.
 for making this kind of films, you need guts...
 a factual, logical, no nonsense, non-vulgar movie.
 we need mode movies like this.
 mind-blowing !
 fantabulous
