 well a sci-fi which could have been so much more
 different kind of movie
 if you have patience then go for it
 innovative and path breaking!
 my first indian sci-fi
 concept is good, but boring
 lack of story execution
 story is good but vfx is bad
 interesting plot - failed execution
 very well tried
 reincarnation.
 a good attempt
 for me this experimental sci-fi is good.
 rare original sci-fi indian film with comic and hindu mythological take on human reincarnation.
 i liked it
 more philosophical than scifi
 this film is one small step for india and a one giant leap for indian cinema.
 superb story with brilliant direction and acting.
 cargo is grandiose in concept
 great effort and appreciable by right audience
 a beautiful amalgamation of sci-fi, mythology and human story.
 indian film industry is changing!!
 surprised at the negative reviews
 honest attempt by bollywood to make a sci-fi
 a rare combination of mythology and science - fiction.
 what a concept and decent try.
 unique attempt in the sci-fi genre
 it's been an inspiration for those youths who really fantasize the indian mytho-sci-fi !!!
 i love it..............!!!
 not meant for an indian audience (an indie sci-fi movie)
 indian sci-fi is born. haunting, surreal, poignant.
 loved it!
 behold! next-gen indian sci-fi has just made a touchdown!
 a light-hearted comedy sci-fi with symbolisms about life
 its good
 a stunning, intimate, epic science fiction film from india!
 superb!! must watch
 a cult film for generations to come
 india gets it scifi
 best si-fi movie
 now india has its own scifi movie
 original, interesting, and worth a watch
 if u will miss u will be regret
 aspiring!
 jabardast acting with fantasy story.
 splendid movie
 good film
 not for the usual bollywood lovers
 slow but worth it
 a story about acceptance of death
 underated & mis understood
 only race 3 lovers can dislike this great sifi
 cargo is awesome movie
 just the right amount of everything
 beautiful gentle film. loved it!
 best indian movie.
 one of the best sci fi movie of the decade!
 fresh and original
 loved it
