 awful, plain awful.
 lame, but can easily be transformed to flame...
 sometimes excellent, sometimes not
 superb entertainer
 decent but flawed western-inspired bollywood film
 "an honorable death is any day better than a life of humiliation."
 movie well made
 assessment of film
 one of the best indian movies
 watching it after 45 years
 well made!
 a game inspired by sholay
 two gold hearted hoodlums help former inspector catch the bandid
 bollywood western classic
 not the greatest movie ever
 once upon a time in bangalore.
 the magnificent two samurai...
 some major goofs
 terrific
 among bollywood's best
 the movie is a landmark...gabbar singh remains the most popular character ever
 movie review profits
 film review for 'sholay'1975
 plain excellent
 great movie... everyone should have seen this movie at least one time !
 a superhit indian western !!
 it has assimilated with the indian folklore
 calssic of classics
 this is why i love indian movies
 a popular film that exalts body, mind and spirit.(possible spoilers)
 best film yet for me
 my review: the ageless bollywoodish entertainer!!
 a true indian classic
 the one and only epic of the indian cinema
 probably best movie of amitabh bachan
 superb movie....my all time favourite
 an unparalleled cinematic experience
 a legend that lives on
 sholay: a film that keeps calling you back
 the bible of mainstream cinema!
 amazing movie
 one of the best movies in the 70's decade
 nixe
 one of the masterpieces produced from indian film industry
 awesome movie. my all time fave. the best villain in the history of bollywood.
 brilliant
 perfect movie
 the definitive masterpiece...
 the greatest story ever told!
 sholay..........the name says it all(best hindi movie ever)
 everybody knows this is the best bollywood film ever made
 best 10 movies (and 11th too!)
 a great movie
 tumhara naam kya hai basanti.
 one of the greatest movies ever made
 apex success of the silver screen
 all-time indian classic
 one of the best indian landmark movies
 one of the truly great films ever made
 the ultimate indian blockbuster
 a case study for management students.an outstanding creation, the movie made in 1975 has a timeless feel to it.
 a movie as great as this will never be made again..
 the greatest entertaining film of highest quality
 best indian film ever
 this is a "must see movie"
 one of the best movies ever made
 was the success of sholay rely on gabbar singh character by amjad khan?
 greatest movie ever made
 the best ever
