 likeable drama/musical
 not the epic tale of ashoka's life... but somewhat watchable
 a gory reminder of a just & great indian ruler
 an above average attempt by bollywood at historical epics.
 terrific legend; very well made film
 one of indian cinema's finest offerings
 a nutshell review: asoka
 its a film, enjoy it
 skip the first 2 hours
 romantic war drama, one of shah rukh's best performances
 good butt i have seen better
 bollywood meets historical fiction
 only the dead have seen the end of war.
 an indian "crouching tiger, hidden dragon"--incredible!
 2001, a technical breakthrough in bollywood
 misunderstanding
 enjoyable
 the journey from prince to emperor...
 intense!
 the film's greatest trademark are its cinematography & art direction which hold really strong from start to finsih
 an interesting introduction to bollywood
 ancient india's bottle of tears
 must watch at lest two time.
 best indian movie i ever watch, but it is not good enough..
 history in a pop-art
 epic musical ("like braveheart with singing")
 you may find yourself moved by the colour and pageantry of this indian tragedy
 impressive
 beautiful movie, well made, grand
 incredible, moving, eye-opening
 classic, true, funny and cheesy! (but all in the right parts)
 enjoyable but a bit hard to follow in parts
 fantastic attempt at an inteligent film...
 another 10 minutes would have helped
 gorgeous
 spectacular epic
 review and personal opinion on asoka
 i fell in love with this movie
 great movie! wonderful music.
 an epic of the first order
 i love this movie!
 asoka is the most brilliant indian film ever-
 a nice tale!
 an absolutely gorgeous film
 a real miracle
 asoka is an internationally front ranking film
 commentary
 a must watch for anyone who enjoys cinema in its richest sense!
 excellent movie!!
 timeless master piece...best epic movie
 edge of your seat suspense about love, war, family and honor.
 impressive
 on viewing asoka the series on television
 shah rukh khan at his best!!!!
 ashoka : masterpiece from srk
 asoka
