 one good story (that was not developed properly), one bad story and one no story
 western-style modern bollywood
 the classiness and realism are truly over-hyped!
 an extremely unpopular movie, but somehow popular on imdb
 a lovely episode of three lives
 childhood friends...
 lengthy
 my early days with "dil chahata hai" which was not so long ago
 a new style of hindi movies
 ground-breaking work!!!
 dil chahta is a redefining movie for all ages..
 style over substance
 "may we never have to be without our friends..."
 ye movie firse dekhne ko dil chahta hai
 the movie is all about understanding love and friendship.
 unarguably the most stylish movie from india
 good stuff
 one world
 revolutionary
 the best friendship film and a trendsetter
 movie review profits
 good movie but could've been better.
 a refreshing departure from the cliche...
 indian cinema needed a 'dil chahta hai
 dil chahta hai - most appropriate title
 dil chata hai - what the heart desires
 an excellent movie with real life situations!!!
 a very fine and realistic depiction of modern urban india and its youth
 another indian orgasm
 a 3 hour film that is worth every second of your time.
 absolutely fabulous!
 aamir khan's bollywood renaissance
 breeze of fresh air in rotting hell
 worth
 outstanding movie
 an example of perfect bonding
 realistic and funny
 fresh and original
 best travel movie
 surprisingly fun, well-done bollywood film
 one of the best movie made in bollywood
 three times the angst and three times the usual numbers of fools in love.
 i'm amazed!!
 plot soundtrack and acting
 pray!!!!!
 the most realistic depiction of indian youth in bollywood
 bollywood 2.0
 aamir- the best actor in bollywood
 fantastic fun and full of surprises
 beginning of a new generation of bollywood films
 thought-provoking and artistic.
 another classic
 breath of fresh air to indian cinema
 one of my favorite movies!
 the actors- especially aamir khan; the screenplay- very comedic, but serious in nature; the cinematography- i wanted to visit goa; and the music all made this movie a wonderful viewing experience.
 great movie
 a roller-coaster of a movie excellence
 new to bollywood
 arguably the best hindi movie of all time
 an excellent movie that portrays the youth
 the heart wants...
 great plot, great cast, great movie!
 movie feedback after 10 years
 simply marvelous, a masterpiece
 one word astonishing!
 best movie ever made!!
 wonderful!
 listen to your heart
 brilliant
