 love is reserved for the gorgeous?
 interesting subject, beautiful pictures, but only "l'art pour l'art"
 good movie which drives home an important message.
 it is what it is
 technically brilliant, but...
 history twisted into fiction in the movie water
 fine movie
 oppressed are their own worst suppressors
 a clichéd and manipulative plot
 exotic slice of foreign world
 water movie review
 social criticism, history, romance, tragedy -- lite
 a triumph
 too much glamour?(spoiler)
 lush and intense, but why must they shave their heads?
 a mostly fine effort, if somewhat hampered by melodrama
 david jeffers for siffblog.com
 good film but wrong generalisation
 ironically, water is one of the most undiluted films of all times. take a divine dip and you might perhaps get rinsed of all your cinematic sins.
 a great canadian film about man's distortion of truth, under the veil of religion.
 a great movie that all should see
 water: a question of agency
 a nutshell review: water
 well acted, well planned film
 beautiful social drama
 water - freedom to flow
 movie review: water
 review of water
 this movie outlines the life of a young widow in india, and how she finds her way.
 the movie water impressed me with an intriguing historical story of desperate widows in british-run india.
 taking place in india during the 1930s, water exposes the darker parts of hinduism. a controversial topic which most regard as immoral or wrong, widowhood.
 water: oscar deserving.
 good story but not representative
 incredibly powerful film
 an awesome movie
 much unlike real water, this isn't transparent and without taste.
 deeply moving tale of human potential trapped by outmoded tradition
 a deeply moving tale full of visual spectacle
 a touching, educational and fantastic story
 summary by daniel malanga mr. ferrin wr class
 if the writer kept the simplicity of this beautiful story untouched, it would've been a lot better. but it's good anyway.
 water for the soul
 deep water for traditionalists
 hooray, deepa!
 the water of life; echoes of baran
 visually appealing, emotionally touching, funny and witty
 incredible!
 the history of how this film came to be is in itself dramatic - filmmaker deepa mehta's tenacity along with producer david hamilton reaped the memorable result of water
 deepa's third element...water
 a truth
 one of 2005's best!
 beautifully shown
 a stunning film that is beautifully made with gorgeous compositions, convincing acting, and emotionally strong - heartbreakingly based on historically true practices
 on the misplaced criticism of kalyani and narayan's romance...
 watery eyes
 sad, deep, beautiful
 moving, compelling, and reveals many hidden truths
 a haunting movie
 another exceptional film from deepa mehta
 "water" is a very moving picture.
 majestic in scope and delivery
 excellent film
 water...a brilliant "jewel" of a film....
 deep, intense and mind blowing!!
 a wonderful, life affirming movie that is a must see!
 a poignant, beautiful and tragic film
 the film is lovely in the way satyajit ray's films are lovely and the best elements of water involve the young girl and the experiences seen through her eyes@ r. ebert.
 water is unforgettable
 water-essential for survival
 excellent but wondering
 heartbreak house
 religion as hypocrisy and sexual abuse
 reality or fiction ? find here...
 simply mind-blowing !!
 answer to the f***ing indian politicians
 superb masterwork of humanity
 very moving, and shocking that it's considered controversial!!!!
 great work- water
 deepa mehta continue to impress
 the most important movie to see this year!
 wow!
 house of sorrow and hope
 'disguised as religion, it is all about money'
 a must see!
 water
 a must see film of international stature!
 touching genius
 think
 water: "traditional" shame in widows
 the best movie made on hindu widows.
 a great movie,highly recommended. a thousand salutes to deepa
