 bollywood meets hollywood - fantastic!
 a bolly fun take on a classic novel
 review of bride and prejudice against jane austen's novel
 surprisingly weak...
 bride & prejudice
 is an ok movie
 hit and miss
 could have been much better
 fun, but not great
 comical, colourful, fun
 masala flavoured bubblegum...
 a miserable appropriation but a fun film
 worth seeing just for being a crossover
 boring...but good effort
 goes downhill from the start.
 enjoyed
 film review
 ok, but definitely a rental
 a movie that had potential to be better than ok
 a pair of 3d characters in a 2d world
 moulin rouge indian style
 if you want bollywood, see a true bollywood film.
 good movie
 great fun!
 entertaining but uneven
 bride & prejudice in the box office...
 will darcy
 switched gears too drastically and too often to be excellent, but still slightly recommended
 wonderful bollywood spectacle
 cute little movie
 a lot of fun!
 colorful modern indian version of pride & prejudice
 austen in amritsar
 pride and prejudice - bhelpuri version
 lots of fun, but slightly disappointing
 bollywood goes to hollywood?
 extremely pleasant diversion
 hollywood's musicals are superior.
 jane austen goes bollywood!
 good bollywood, good adaption, just plain good.
 highly entertaining adaptation of jane austen's beloved novel.
 bride and prejudice review
 was jane austin indian?
 silly attempt to update jane austen succeeds in its excesses!
 hollywood/ bollywood!
 clever idea better suited as a tv sketch. more like a bad elvis movie.
 good indians, bad white guys
 bollywood miramax style . . .
 great, fun film with good music, dancing and pretty actors!
 a wonderful mix of bollywood and hollywood that is sure to enthrall and entertain viewers!
 infectious, good-natured fun
 jane austen goes to bollywood
 exceptionally fun...
 there's nothing not to like
 funny..charming and entertaining fare- a must see!!!
 a film about marriage is a successful marriage in and of itself
 go see this movie!!
 feast your eyes on bride and prejudice.
 a very great idea...
 bollywood fusion-brava!!!!
 a global musical comedy.
 refreshing and unique - a tongue in cheek uplifting film!
 pride and prejudice well adapted to modern indian style.
 this film changed my life! no really, it did!!
 fantastic fun!
 i liked it - pure light-hearted entertainment
 enjoyable, but not as bollywood as i wanted.
 exuberant, trans-continental retelling of iconic romance
 bride and prejudice is a thrilling and entertaining watch.
 mrs. bakshi wants nothing more for her four daughters than a rich husband of her choosing, but when her two eldest play by their own rules, trouble stirs.
 this film is a hoot!
 bride & prejudice: how i learned to stop worrying and love naveen andrews
 happy holiday fare
 as delightful as bend it like beckham
 gorgeous! don't miss this one!
 19th century jane austen meets present day india
 fairly good adaption
 check it out. you just might like it.
 the only movie in which i liked ms rai.
 magnificent!!
 hilarious bollywood treatment of p&p's comedy of manners and marriage
 wonderful austen re-working, fun and colorful musical
 new zest for an old friend
 excellent movie
 a very anglo-indian affair--great fun!
 gurinder chadha has done it again
 brilliant!!!
 a new take on a classic story
 truly indian culture
 upbeat "bride" is a bollywood-style celebration
 "no life without wife!"
 what i like about this movie....
 bride and prejudice
 jane would be proud
 great adaptation of the book.
 an uplifting and enjoyable take on an old classic
 brilliant!
 the colors of india
 self-consciously cheesy, but good fun...
 awesome movie...
 jane austin in the punjab: if you want to see something new and wonderful, you'll love this movie
 the most fun i've had in a while
 really enjoyable
 jane austen readers?
 true to jane and the bbc/ a&e version! beautiful adaptation!
 the most addictive watch for some time!
 wonderful, colorful, musical for the whole family. cultural extravaganza!
 a fun film all round!
 fun!
 oh, lighten up folks! it's a fun lil' gem!
 thoroughly enjoyed cinematography and humour!
 a shimmering, layered delight--tremendous fun and yet seriously thoughtful
 an absolute delight! -- brilliantly brings to life emotional core of the classic love story
 wow!!! real fun
 a must see movie!
 a feast to the eye
 gurinder chadha creates another winner!!!
 wow
 fantastic fun!
 excellent in every way
 this movie is a delightful rendition of pride & prejudice
