 not bad
 a super-hero is born
 indian superman soup
 a krrishtion of focus..
 watch it ... if only for the special effects!
 pretty good, one of the best products in years!
 krrish is good but still...........
 india's first superhero is brilliant, but lack of real depth in the script is the real flaw
 painful to watch, and yet it blew my mind!
 could have been much better
 the best sci fi bollywood can offer till date
 it has started.
 awful bollywood sucks a*s they are copycats
 don't go by the hype and don't compare it with hollywood and you will be fine.
 nice one
 krrish
 krrish is an entertaining superhero film with great action and a terrific second half.
 krishna, who has extraordinary powers meets priya, falls in love, obviously, goes to singapore and is soon confronted by his strengths and his family's past.
 i must say, for a change it's a refreshing hindi film sequel!!!
 rakesh roshan's technical extravaganza.....
 surprisingly watchable
 india's first super hero delivers!
 remember, this is a bollywood film
 great first attempt, i hope the sequel is better
 certain to be the first one in a string of sequels.
 krrish, the first indian film i have seen on cinema
 a nutshell review: krrish
 krishna mehra (hrithik roshan) is an indian country lad with super powers. he falls for a city girl (priyanka chopra) and goes to singapore to win her heart. awesome ensues.
 krrish and bollywood rock!
 if you like superheroes, than this one is a must!
 indian superhero
 surprisingly good!
 utterly charming, cute, sweet, funny and ultimately satisfying film
 a super-hero with heart!
 a good movie if you take it for what it is...
 krrish.
 krrish- watch out superman!
 alright worth watching
 krrish is ambitious and it delivers!
 complete hindi masala movie
 surprisingly good
 spoof biggest ever in cinema history
 about krrish and why i was pleasantly surprised
 a gr8 bollywood film
 enjoyable
 finally a superhero of our own
 give the krrish team a break!
 a runaway hit in india
 first-rate film
 bollywood's first superhero makes a storming entrance!
 krrish -- a very good movie
 rakesh roshan and hrithik do it again!
 a treat for indian comics fans..we have one worthy superhero!!
 krrish - a landmark film in indian cinema
 a critique of the criticisms
 heartfelt cinema
 awesome
 krrish - what a great movie!!!
 krrish - kool rriveting indian super hero - brilliant !
 krrish
 krrish is jadoo!
 amazing
 krrish
 movie just for sponsor products
 this summer, the son rises!
 brilliant - the movie krrish the acting of hrithik and his stunts
 brilliant entertaining movie...must see
 amazing.better than the first
 awesome movie with music
 excellent movie
 bollywood's foray into super-human films in a grand style
 krrish-the best movie of the year
 finally, a superhero i can relate to...
 great film
 fantastic movie
 krrish is a wonderful experience!!
 amazing movie !
 don't consider krrish as a remake of spiderman with indian masala mixed
 woahhh surreal
