 worth watching once
 very much bhansali,yet not really him!
 immense style
 not slb's best effort!
 average movie
 i had high expectations from slb but was very disappointed.
 refreshingly different
 a could-have-been -better-film
 go watch it for the songs and ranbir kapoor!!
 a visually awe-inspiring experience...
 review from me...ranbir impresses....
 sweet with little soul
 deko chanda ayaa...
 its a dreamy sequence of love filmed on the celluloid
 out of mgm and dostoevsky to bollywood: a weird amalgam works
 strange, crazy, beautiful.
 saawariya - not such a bad movie!
 a visual treat!
 only sanjay lb can take this kind of movie!!!
 treat your eyes; your ears; your soul!
 not that bad... it was good.
 its real life in theatrical mode with tons of color
 everyone will have different views on this movie
 my thoughts on saawariya
 beautiful but flawed - typical of slb
 a very well made for a dreamy & gloomy film
 why is this movie so underrated? absolutely brilliant cinema
 a visual treat
 enjoyable different love story
 a love story to make you forget all others
 just enough musical, just enough heart
 a bollywood modern day story about star crossed lovers
 saawariya rocks!
 a magical fairy tale which will both delight you and entertain you!
 a sweet little love story with beautiful environment
 mishap or misunderstood?
 beyond brilliance!
 a gem of a movie!
 take a bow mr. bhansali
 great, under rated, movie
 excellent film!
 the best from a indian filmmaker
 this movie is not for everyone! believe and feel of love has to be strong to be in trance... if you have not enjoyed the movie then truly you have never been in love!
 saawariya-a meditation on love
 wonderful movie!
 excellent movie .. sheer poetry
 saawariya is the best film of the century!!
 saawariya has made me baawariya
 great move.. just not a mere time pass
 a nutshell review: saawariya
 a visually stunning masterpiece full of mystery and wonder. sanjay leela bhansali invites the viewer into a bewitchingly marvellous and enchanting fairytale world.
 excellent film made for those who like different
 excellent
 visual treat!
 if you hate this world...go into sanjay's magical world and experience beauty and purity.
 visually stunning, beautifully choreographed, and filled with enchanting music.
 a beautiful beautiful movie!
 salman bhai is cooler than absolute zero
