 no disrespect!!!
 average
 honest cop meets dishonest system
 good direction, great story
 overrated and boring
 watchable propaganda
 powerful film that raises some important issues related to complex caste system of our country.
 loudest and bravest cinematic shout breaks the silence on cast issues
 amazing historical fiction with great actors
 tried to tell more, than it could!
 nothing new
 very good message by this movie
 anubhav sinha srikes hard.
 beautifully crafted murder mystery
 a review: not just a movie
 a little on the preachy side, but okay.
 the reality is more gruesome
 hard hitting, eye opener!
 good movie
 india today
 bollywood on real story !
 an eye opener to indian society
 good but not the great
 adapted from spanish thriller- 'marshland' with some indian twist!
 great effort
 falls short of expectations
 good narration; beautiful shots among the morning mist; movie title - a misnomer; lead actor - unimpressive
 must watch
 less is more! or less...
 a good film on a very relevant subject
 a very important film!!! but why zee is production partner and credit to yogi adityath???
 thriller and twist
 extra-awesome performance by everyone! must watch movie (prefer this over kabir singh)
 absolutely brilliant with important message
 a realistic movie with positive ending!
 don't miss article 15 at any cost !!! hats off to ayushmann khurrana and anubhav sinha
 excellent social thriller / 8 stars
 article 15
 the super hero "ayush- man"
 ayushmann headlines yet another relevant, hard-hitting film! [+82%]
 loved the way of direction, nothing is over the point. - itsbymayank
 great film
 compelling, bold and social change
 one of the best indian movie this year
 must watch movie
 very good movie
 must be inspired from true events..
 gripping !
 commercial or art?
 best bollywood flim of 2019 !
 aritcle 15 is an attractive drama about the darkness of india
 must watch for everyone... especially for upper caste people...
 great storyline and true to the core problem
 unabashed, sucker punching intense
 must watch!! a taste of sour reality
 in my beloved n beautiful india, men martyred at the border r outnumbered by those who die cleaning the sewers n no one mourns for em.
 ayushmann and anubhav will hit you hard!
 a movie with great acting, directing and cause.
 a reality check for india.
 best film of 2019
 nice movie
 good movie.
 brilliant movie
 thrilling and intense
 dark and hard hitting
 great
 you will definitely not regret watching this.
 brave movie
 this film depicts the truth of society.
 a superb depiction of social discrimination
 must watch!!!
 a cinematic gem
 it's not bollywood,,,,great classic indian film
 great crime thriller.
 best of anubhav sinha
 true depiction!!
 amazing..drama crime
 new age of anubhav sinha
 an important movie for indian caste based society divide
 ground reality of india
 this movie represents the indian film industry not bollywood.
 must watch movie for every indian
 must watch this movie, you will learn many things about caste
 spectacular job
 ayushmaan nails it again!!
 bloody brilliant!!! 🙌
 watch it, you wont regret it
 powerful, spellbinding, compelling , strongly recommended.
 a must watch
 a masterpiece of anubhav sinha
 watch for equility
 what a gem of movie! a must watch for every indian.
 remove caste system in india
 truly amazing
 must watch movie!
 close to reality
 realistic and based on true incidents.
 awesome concept
 the best movie ever
 brilliant worthful must watch
 hard hitting reality!
 a cinematic experience which finally raises issues to be discussed.
 much needed movie! a must watch!
 deserved oscar entey instead of gully boy.
