 the final answer is: fake
 an average film. nothing worth the buzz!
 slumdog millionaire with 8 oscar nominations? huh?
 i liked it i didn't love it
 an overrated movie....
 over the top, unrealistic and unneeded
 don't believe the hype!
 overrated
 no top 250 material.
 typical boy and girl can't get together until the end of the movie movie
 not terrible but don't believe the hype
 much ado....
 as yogi would say, "deja vu all over again"!
 can the academy stop giving movies like this best picture.
 interesting but overrated
 "slumdog" is visually stunning
 i may be the solitary voice of disapproval.
 what film did everyone else see?
 really, wasn't expecting what i saw too...
 top ten reasons slumdog millionaire is a mediocre movie:
 over-boyled
 the audience loves jamal, i did not
 what did everyone saw on this?
 a minor success
 good movie, highly overrated
 didn't quite fulfill its potential, imho
 city of god has one vital thing slumdog millionaire does not
 entertaining, but with no surprises.
 interesting and compelling,but i don't fully buy it
 great picture of india and that's all...
 over-rated! slum dog should not win the best picture
 a film that works better as an inspiration rather than a film
 best picture? no....best crowd-pleaser...maybe...in a pinch....
 kinda not a big deal
 if there are no schools, where do kids learn?
 really?
 good but not surprising
 slumdog millionaire is not the best but a great fairy tale movie worth-watching.
 good...yes. best picture...no.
 where is all the rave coming from?
 it has it's moments, but it's not brilliant or anything
 extremely overrated, merely ok...
 wouldn't this movie be better with seth rogen and james franco?
 a feelgood film about the wealth of life and the riches of love
 slumdog millionaire...a stench of racism screwed it all up
 a "formula film"
 good effort to draw story of luck driven slum-boy
 an original but far from perfect movie.
 despite the extreme suspension of disbelief required, slumdog millionaire is an excellent picture of indian slum life and a fun movie
 must-see
 deserved the oscar for cinematography
 must be one of the best of 2008 film
 the right presentation of nowadays unfairness!
 brilliant.
 slumdog millionaire review
 this is a very violent film which is guaranteed to move you
 a very good, imaginative film that also depicts india truthfully
 unique and beautiful; more dark and gritty than "feel-good"
 a wonderfully stylistic love story
 impressive conjuring tricks from mr boyle
 an imperfect gem
 two choices inthe situation
 slumdog millionaire
 one of the best films of 2008
 enjoyable if occasionally outlandish melodrama
 danny boyle's best work to date?
 india from the west mirror - but still a good one
 feelgood movie but still packs a few tough punches
 wonderful and engaging film about an apparent no-hoper breaking through the breach told amidst a canvas of the funny, touching and of the eerie.
 very powerful film about the state of india.
 really good
 slumdog millionaire
 the little movie that will wow audiences this year.
 just what the doctor ordered
 "slumdog" beautifully bridges life in india and western film
 "city of god" with less blood
 if this film had a flaw, it was that it had to end.
 a true fairy tale
 beautiful... the first time i cried in the theater
 more excellent work from danny boyle
 yes
 riveting film with a fantastic breakout performance by dev patel
 deserving of not a million but billion applauses!
 see this movie ..
 slumdog millionaire is a brilliant., genre jumping revelation
 a highly exhilarating and emotionally uplifting story
 three musketeers from the slums of mumbai
 this movie has definitely dissipated all of my prejudice, terrific story!
 who wants to be a slum dog millionaire
 not quite up to all the hype and perhaps not for everyone...
 review
 must watch...brilliant screenplay and editing...
 a bollywood sprinkled hollywood movie - must watch!
 it is written
 wow is right
 one of the best films of the year
 one of the best cinema offered in 2008
 what i'm feeling for this film isn't love, it's pure admiration
 one of the top 5 movies of this year
 a stunning achievement: the best film of the year and one of the most exhilarating film-going experiences
 a modern fairy tale...for the ages
 wow, i really wasn't expecting what i saw.....
 one of the greatest films of all time
 a boy survives the horrific slums of modern india and must answer questions on a tv game show and prove that it is life and love, not cheating that has given him the answers.
 excellent and engaging movie
 a movie that made me understand destiny
 unadulterated india
 truly this film is world's first globalised masterpiece.
 one question one experience
 for all those giving less than stellar reviews...
 it's about the girl
 phenomenal... absolutely brilliant
 fantastic journey
 an excellent celebration of life, destiny, and the power of love
 one of danny boyle's best!
 not just one of the best films of the year...one of the best films of all time
 a one of amazing masterpiece base of india dailylife
 review for english class
 one of my favorite movies!
