 amazing special effects for a bollywood movie...!!!
 a poor man's x-men !
 graphics are good but film is just ok
 average, but packed with an amazing ending.
 best ever bollywood superhero flick
 i wish could had deposited my money in bank and earn some interests than watching this movie
 desi version of superman, spiderman and x-men
 consequences are what sets it apart. a radical, yet fun superhero tale, but unfortunately packaged in a generic wrapper.
 the roshans have disappointed
 not a disappointment at all
 overall just so so ....
 good attempt in the super-hero genre
 an extraordinary story with an ordinary execution
 fusion is the future
 krrish 3 succeeds more than it fails, but those failures keep it from reaching the bar the film sets for itself.
 this was not actually i was planning for .. but this was entertaining as hell!! overall enjoyed
 krrish 3 disappoints in terms of direction and story but is saved by brilliant cgi and enduring performance by hrithik
 a step forward
 krrish3 : ambitious, yet flawed
 bird eye view
 entertaining though hilarious
 unrefined storytelling for a visually stunning action film
 an entertaining superhero flick!
 a commendable effort !!!
 krrish 3 didn't make the same mistakes as raone
 diwali blockbuster providing popcorn entertainment.
 india's first home-grown superhero!
 survives on it's mind blowing visuals and screen play!!!!!!!!!!
 ups the vfx standard of bollywood
 the long awaited film krrish 3 should be the perfect conclusion to the krrish series.
 fantastic superhero flick from roshan
 visually stunning, brilliant performances but a poor story
 lived up to the expectation..
 i love all the songs and dances in this movie. i just luv kangana ranaut. a bit bad ending.
 could have been better!
 little over hyped but overall a good movie
 excellent movie
 amazing story. unbelievably better than expectations. terrible vfx
 make way for the indian super hero
 the best among 3 sequels. a revolution in indian sci-fi genre
 a superhero film that no one can beat!
 krrish 3 - the first indian superhero
 my review: krrish is here to stay!!
 best visuals in bollywood history
 krrish definitely is the best indian super hero so far :)
 india has arrived on the world stage!!
 movie review: krrish 3
 a great one time watch !
 great action..india's reply to avengers and iron man
 amazing movie
 awesome movie.....awesome story and finally awesome concept....!
 lackluster but very brave
 finally we get our own superhero and boy he's awesome
 nice film
 kaun spiderman aur superman? main toh sirf krrish nu janta hoon!!!
 krrish 3 (u/a) hindi ----------- my rating : ★★★★½ best sci-fi movie ever seen
 krrish 3 is a better movie than what people are reading in reviews
 a brilliant superhero movie
 krrish 3 have went above exceptions
 let's hope for a better future
 kundos to india's first super hero - krrish
 good plot,decent special effects
 great movie
 krrish 3﻿ the best in bollywood yet !!! - deserves more than 10
 best bollywood action fiim ever made
 out & out desi action - aventure, drama and futuristic extravaganza.
 a huge diwali blast !!
 the best sci-fi movie ever came out of hindi cinema
 it's an epic film outstanding
 nice movie, nice story, dialgoue and songs drag it back
 krrish 3
 good movie
 renaissance of bollywood's sci-fi action movie.. the best!!
 excilent movie
 a landmark film in world cinema ... breaks down boundaries and raises the bar for superhero films everywhere, with emotional 'connect' hollywood can only envy
 even if you heard people say, 'this one copies work from many sources', the movie is actually very good!
 loved it. the best visual effects so far in bollywood (and no where it looked cheap)
 a story of courage.absolutely stunning movie!!
 amazing movie
 amazing !!
 krrish 3: blockbuster written all over it!!!
 excellent movie ! a giant leap for bollywood !
 exceptionally good movie
 an unstoppable force of krrish..
 krrish:3 the best super-hero movie ever!
 a visual treat
