 a nutshell review: kites
 i chose to describe kites in the following manner...you attempt to make a pizza...you get the cheese, the meat, all the vegetables but eventually you have forgotten the base!
 don't just go for negative review...watch it yourself and then decide...its not that bad .
 kites(flying short of thread)
 kites: lets hope its flies enough to take expenses out for making..
 decent,if you can overlook logic and ending.
 at least a good effort to raise some levels for indian cinema
 kites is flying high
 good but half-baked in almost every aspect
 a journey from love to fate
 trapped in the sky!
 just about okay
 one step ahead from indian movie
 bollywood maturing
 nice bollywood experiment
 a beautiful and different love story with a sad ending
 an entirely different movie made to create history but remained as history....
 a greek god unleashed !!!!
 kites
 kites is basically a intense love story with an ordinary story that has resemblances of movies in 70s
 hispanic-titanic
 that is called being impetuous
 a different kind of bollywood movie
 gives you the same feeling as awarapan did
 recommend the hindi version
 although flaws are there this one delivers and this is second international hit of the year.
 after 9 years
 really good!
 almost a great movie . . .
 brilliant!!
 this is gold, only watch the international english version
 'kites'- style & substance packed in two hours
 kites : a too short movie ?
 not just hrithik ! , it has everything........
 -- feel the difference
 never forgetting moment..outstanding performane
 kites rocks..winner all the way
 champagne supernova meets bronzed greek god
 desperado for hrithik
 best thing about the movie is " its a worth watch"
 kites (casino , cars , chases , guns , money , love , english , spanish , burger vs biriyani) totally a roler coaster...
 tranquily frenetic?
 kites, fantastic
 dancer who marries woman for money, so they can get green card, falls in love with a woman who he cannot have
 awesome....
 an excellent well made movie
 absolytely fantastic! jai ho...
 a breath taking experience and era to begin.
 a beautiful love story, must watch.
 kites : this kite will fly high!
 must watch
 a great movie with honesty and true real life emotions...all's well but might not end well some times...thats life..
 kites: adventurous, brave, different and applaudable!!
 could be the movie of the century
 kites... freshened air will blow u up.....excellent movie
 don't believe low ratings
 cinematic perfection !
 better than most of bollywood movies
 the best romantic movie which belongs to a category of titanic, a walk to remember, notebook, and others in similar fashion.
