 appreciable effort to bring a change in the society but would find it hard to convince the people who are well familiar with the works of dustin hoffman, sean penn & tom hanks
 shoot at sight
 do not miss this experience
 "my name is khan, but i am not a terrorist" ~ srk outdoes dustin h. but the politics of the flick are a little shaky
 rizwan"s day out
 how long is this movie? it begins with bush in office & ends with obama
 my name is khan is over-hyped
 very different from all bollywood movies!
 great film but not exemplary
 hail the king! .. king khan!
 my name is indian...& i am not a terrorist
 a warm love story; neat performances & a message of goodness!
 his name is karan johar & he loves making cheesy melodramas
 a fine film....
 building a new image of india
 srk and karan johar are trying
 my very first bollywoodmovie. i was stunned. saw it a bit by accident.
 not epic but certainly in length
 i know this kind of plot....
 understand us!
 mnik good or bad
 a personal view
 'my name is mansoor and i hope i'll be a better human'
 a must see movie
 one of the best from srk
 by all means worth a watch
 watchable but flawed epic drama
 smoothly entertaining until the 'climax slip'
 his name is khan and he has something to say
 i don't know why some people like this movie
 my name is khan...and i am not a terrorist !!
 the perfect movie
 endearing, even if somewhat disappointing...
 an attempt to nourish good and bad!!!
 strange feeling
 khan can repair almost anything!
 brace up to fall in love with khan--khan from the epiglottis!!
 my name is humanity
 nice to see hindu,muslim and christian unity in movies.what is real?
 a message about understanding and tolerance
 a rizwan khan show all the way!
 "he wasn't a terrorist either"
 good....strong subject......but could have been better !!!!
 9/10 1 star extra for acting
 landmark movie of international issues that links to common man
 great
 mr. and mrs. khan
 bollywood's version of america post 9/11
 a truly entertaining indian movie!
 how foreigners see us
 karan johar's return to directing is an absolute winner
 a nutshell review: my name is khan
 movie is awesome
 a new way of looking at an older story
 a simple story with a powerful message
 fear no one and go for it!!
 my name is khan........incredible
 what excellent performances by arguably the best on screen couple
 srk-super rocking khan
 fall in love once again!
 one of srk's best film!
 see the movie or cry
 an amazing but artistic film...
 certainly not your typical bollywood picture!
 stunning movie stunning acting
 my name is khan
 my name is khan
 disaster
 we shall overcome
 very good movie!!!
 a movie from the heart.
 enter into khan's endearing world
 king khan did it again
 you will fall in love with khan!!
 rizwan khan, the world's worst salesman
 religious and cultural tolerance
 a movie from the heart.
 khantastic movie !!
 welcome to the khan's world!!
 amazing......experience of my life!!!!!!!
 'there are two kinds of people: good and bad - and that is all the difference.'
 awesome...
 mnik-an experience of a lifetime
 mnik - is all about love
 powerful, heartbreaking and elevating....
 not a movie..its an experience!
 best movie ever seen...
 mind blowin cinema
 awesome,indian movie is maturing!
 heart warming movie
 my name is khan and i am not a terrorist
 a superb and very moving film
 a movie for every human....!!!!1
 have not seen a more inspiring stuff in years...
 one of the most deliberate and brave performance ever given by shah rukh khan
