 a potpourri of vestiges review: a spineless saga of political corruption
 prakash jha's attempt at polymorphism!
 something's missing!
 dark, powerful and riveting
 the mire of politics
 ambitious, engaging, pertinent, and well made, though clichéd and theatrical
 it could have been better
 raaj at the bo!
 a film that could have been so much better had the director noticed the flaws !
 good political thriller
 things happen when trying to re-invent classics
 nothing much but a combination of godfather & mahabharatha.
 fast paced story and credible performances make it worthwhile!
 nice refreshing story , but movie was unable to build on the wonderful start.
 epic mahabharata meets godfather.
 good hindi cinema is back!
 better than average, but no cigar
 modern mahabharata and political godfather
 definitely one of the best films of 2010
 entertaining political thriller
 could have been a really good 2 hrs movie
 brilliant storytelling..must watch movie..
 great potential but a little above average movie
 politics, corruption, skullduggery: an entertaining hybrid
 mahabharatha meets godfather !!!
 the indian way of representing "the godfather"
 this is good movie , nice content
 one of the most entertaining political thrillers made in bollywood till date.
 prakash jha does what he does best. katrina is the weak link.
 the best movie of 2010!!!
 amazin
 outstanding movie
 rajneeti- an epic tale of indian political families
 a modern tale of power & revenge
 the quest for power....
 a terrific modern day version of mahabharata with bits & pieces of godfather, sonia gandhi's story, and the filthy, gritty dark side of politics.
 its one of the few indian movies, which literally will leave you speechless.
 all about politics
 surely underrated
 a severely under-rated indian cinema classic!
 gripping storyline while being an analogy to mahabharata
 there are no heroes in politics
 one of the best indian political drama
 incredible
 amazing movie
 not for the light chocolate absurd love flick fans , but a brilliant movie
 modern "maha-bharat" with political twist
