 good and bad
 good......but it could be better..
 could have been better
 not the most original but a good watch
 stopped me on my tracks...
 kashyap, i am disappoint
 good one but doesn't deserve to be in all time top 50 bollywood movies
 unlikely bollywood
 this udaan will fly high....
 one of the finest films of 2010!
 abusive father, idealistic son, and complex modern india middle class...
 universally sad...
 "is life over? or is is about to begin?"
 bold new step for indian cinema
 in very rare case, baghban hitler he baghbaan! ( parents are hitler )
 vikramaditya motwane's best work
 udaan of dreams
 fantastic
 dreams and love even in the darker hours
 quality film about a difficult father-son relationship
 flight of pigeons
 udaan could have been a disney film as well
 not entertaining but is a must-see movie
 one of the best hindi movie
 solid real life drama
 fly high with your dreams!
 loved this movie and it's for a repeat watch on my list.
 udaan: a review
 lots of soul in the movie
 a brilliantly told story of hope, love and chasing your dreams
 an insightful and must watch take on adolescence with a hidden message.
 no heroism,no fantasies but appealing.............
 very original and refreshing....
 a tale of an indomitable spirit
 great
 a captivating and culturally symbolic coming-of-age film!
 superb
 wonderful portrayals
 awesome movie! every father must see it.
 masterpiece by vikramaditya motwane
 a must watch for every indian family!!
 ultimate movie
 a cinephile's delight!!
 tzp on crack cocaine
 movie that makes you fly ( udaan) at the end...
 the story about a boy unwelcome in his own home...unpleasant but well made.
 a good one!
 an excellent film
 gigantic surprise!!!!
 one of the best movies which will take you to another world.
 a must watch movie
 mind blowing!!!!
 when dreams give you the ability to fly
 a rare hindi movie
 a movie you should never miss
 udaan a must watch..
 just go and grab your seat
 you will not notice the absence of a female lead in the movie.
 i forgot that it was just a movie...a movie....
 karan, watch out.
 intense but still heart touching
 udaan - flying high
 something indian cinema desperately needs more of
 and the award for the best movie of 2010 goes to udaan !!
 take this flight of freedom....
 the stark reality of some unfortunate households
 best!!
 "unconventional bollywood at its biting best" -toi
 a tale of hope and freedom
 udaan is a great movie to watch
 all time favorite
 udaan: passed with flying colors
 a movie not to miss.
 diamond
 one of the best movie, i have ever seen.
 inspirational. poignant tale. well-shot. relatable characters.
