 not impressed
 an action film with a social theme.....
 time pass entertainer, no real depth.
 gabbar is back
 novel concept , stupid screenplay....
 'gabbar is back' can be watched only because the message is loud, clear, and very relevant. the screenplay falters. dedicated to swachch bharat.
 preachy yet fun, better than 'ungli'
 one time watch
 a full-on masala entertainer!
 gabbar is back has right intention with akshay kumar ruling the roost
 the intentions are noble but the content is all stale except the hospital sequence, few dialogues and two key performers.
 it has its moments....both good and bad
 "gabbar" is back but this time not as villain but as a superhero
 a good package of akshay kumar's stardom and bollywood's action-masala formula
 go for it but don't expect too much
 a decent indianization of hollywood saga...
 don't forget to also see ungli(2014) if you haven't already.
 a good entertainer, preachy but leaves a lot to be desired
 need more of movies like this!
 gabbar is back
 movie no one should miss.
 a fine watch with family & friends...
 gabbar is a good man, and this is a very good movie!
 surprisingly good
 akshay kumar best movie
 story of gabbar
 salute for the south indian thinktank
 very good movie which will make you think..every youth should watch it.its what we need to think , its what we need to watch ..in present scenario.
 excellent movie
 excellent movie !! a must watch for all !!!!!!!
 nice movie..or we say bollywood movie
 a masala movie that is no non-sense!
 not only massy but also classy
 gabbar is still ruthless!
 pretty good heroic vigilante film
 gabbar is back review- gabbar is back with entertainment and message...
 awesome entertainer with a very strong message..... akshay kumar as gabbar rocks
 excellent lesson from this new gabbar
 10/10
 main hoon gabbar
 no words to say... it's just amazing
 do something for us and our country...be youth power
 a movie for the indian youth
 overall a good movie with new concept but it must have been made more sensible, connecting and appealing.....#alwaysanakkifan
 in this mass entertainer akshay roars like a lion!!! time to join gabbars revoultion...
 a great touching movie
 lovely lesson & moto.awesome
 excellent movie , really great
 best of bollywood
