 an above average thriller with all ugly but realistic characters offering quite less than what was being raved about.
 to dark to see
 disheartening, indigestible drama of dirt and squalor
 a raw chronicle of wicked, urban escapades. ♦ 63%
 watch it, just because it's better than the rest in the market. but not good by kashyap's standards.
 good but not amazing
 redeemed at the end
 great actors, great direction but still some scenes are inspired by korean movie-voice of murderer
 welcome to the ugliness of the human soul
 a gripping dark drama with disappointing climax !
 senseless end kills the film
 boring
 expected so much but...
 ugly
 more about the characters than the kidnapping
 a dark and disturbing tale showing the harsh reality
 awesome director
 read this only after you've finished watching!
 so gripping till the end.
 kudos to kashyap
 movie opposite to its name
 true blue kashyap movie
 even harsh reality needs to b known to b ready for worst.
 dealing with ...
 ugly: your darkness revealed
 this ugly is beautifully grim
 ugly is beautiful
 anurag kashyap's most accomplished movie till date!
 a fracture in the conventional film making.
 ugly ugly ugly.
 stunningly ugly, disturbingly beautiful
 master work
 if ugly is your thing
 a masterpiece ! a must watch !!
 dark,gritty,twisted,disturbing .... mesmerizing
 more thrillers like these are required for bollywood
 a masterpiece...
 surreal , real and hard hitting
 another engaging, dark thriller from ak.
 can't afford to miss it!!
 dark, intense and disturbing : a tale of wretched human motives
 brilliant....all the way!
 kashyap's darkest & finest hour!
 black humor crime thriller - true ugliness
 viewers beware of the two versions
 ugly outside, ugly inside
 fantastic thriller!!
 what a beautiful film!!
 brilliant movie by anurag kashyap
 ugly
 another ak masterwork
 ugly : anurag returns to david fincher.
 anurag kashyap's - another mind blowing movie
 sinister, unpleasant yet engaging
 too good!!
 the motives and desires of everyone is ugly here
 ugly is beautiful!!!
 simply boisterous !!!
 most perfect title after years.
 brilliant work
 a dark end to the year
 a very deep , dark and engrossing tale.
 ugly - an ugly state of affairs in the lives of ordinary people
 ugly - the requiem for the dreams
 deeply moving film, anurag kashyap's best till date...
 a brilliantly scripted, extraordinary directed & perfectly executed movie.
 made me cry
 perfectly
 magic of kashyap
 one of the best dark movie i ever seen
 one dialogue that makes all the difference!
 brutal honest n ugly
 a masterpiece
 must watch.
 and we have a director who can do justice to emotional thrillers
 ugly is really very ugly...
 very well executed movie exploring dark side of our society
 a hard to watch, but beautiful movie.
 edge of the seat thriller. cinematic excellence.
 ugly is ugly and dark as it can get, sort of a movie we never get to see in india.
 one of the best films to come out of bollywood in 2014
 best movie i ever watched.
 dark and truly disturbing for a reason..
 one of a best bollywood movie
 dark
 deep and dark tale of our ugly side from kashyap's view
 a terrific film and as per me one of the finest works of anurag kashyap.
