 ek villain: thriller having no thrill...
 not the one which blows you .... a nice film......but worth a watch for ritesh deshmukh mind blowing acting.......
 commendable performances by ritesh and siddharth makes it a satisfying watch
 beautiful movie...
 a good adaptation of i saw the devil
 less villaingiri, more romance..
 ek dark love story.... a bit flawed but a recommend watch!!!
 ok for a one time watch..
 worth watching but with limited expectations
 waste of the situations. a better story could have emerged.
 good intent, but average execution
 an average movie...and a lost opportunity..
 a killer love story
 ek villain: a violent love story
 best songs!
 my review: love stories of villains!!
 ek villain is cheerful watch but with numerous loopholes.
 could have been a lot smoother
 recommended 👍
 ok type movie
 watch it for sidharth, shraddha and riteish. a total entertainer
 ek villian
 good story
 good thriller but supporting cast is bad
 ek villain: comes nowhere near i saw the devil, but has its own moments.
 although being a decent movie its not mohit suri's best
 a brilliant story centered around two villains
 amazing and ritiesh deshmukh's talent showreel
 solid revenge film
 sufficiently grey, though not outstanding; deshmukh at his best
 good film
 villain is the hero of the movie
 movie review - ek villain
 nice movie, must watch
 pulsating thriller
 full credit goes to story writer...
 "dobara shikayat ka mauka nahi milega"
 do not nag your partner or fellow human being
 heartwarming, heartthrobbing, heartbreaking
 one time watch, go for it
 just go for it !
 ek villain: a good romantic thriller
 a good romance-thriller from bollywood after a very long time.
 bollywood adaptation of korean psychological thriller/horror film i saw the devil (2010)
 thrilling yet mesmerizing movie
 extremely cruel movie , but ritesh rocks in second half!!
 powerful performances keep you hooked on.
 mohit suri does yet again after aashiqui 2!
 an edge-of-the-seat thriller that's completely riteish deshmukh's show!
 brilliant. a welcome change from the new rubbish that seems to be coming out of bollywood these days!
 beautiful movie
 one of the best movie of 2014.
 superb
 ek villain (u/a) hindi ------------- my rating : ★★★★½ awesome
 a movie that remains in your heart and mind for long...!!!
 very good movie with some flaws
 worth the watch! good film!
 awesome!
 best movie of sidharth malhotra
 a love story that will make feel loved :)
 excellent plot, flawless direction, heart wrenching story
 excellent movie
 a gripping revenge thriller after 8 years in bollywood after zinda
 awesome....
 best action and romantic movie
 reeee
 all time favorite
 story is totally awesome.
 best movie
 wow
 really well-made, an unforgettable movie.
 ek villain is purely amazing!
 a must watch film!
 this movie revolves around the life of guru (siddharth malhotra) who is a gangster until aisha (shraddha kapoor) comes to his life and changes it completely.
 amazing best indian movie
 outstanding movie
 ek villain fantastic movie
 awesome-10
