 love and passion, deadly combination
 misjudged and surprisingly unmoving
 inspirational but not sure it needed to be made into a movie
 move over faith & mountains, embrace love & flattened mountains. ♦ 62%
 nawaaz is shandaar zabardast zindabaad -- but not the movie.
 more of quality, less of entertainment...
 visit a bihar village of 60's sitting where you are!
 a bit of correction
 manjhi - a terrific biopic of a role model, better than shah jahan.
 a well-acted, well-made film!
 nawaz is too good!
 true inspirational story of a poor indian villager who single handedly broke the mountain to take revenge
 i have never gone through such powerful and inspirational real story like manjhi
 it is definitely worth watching thanks to the stupendous performances by nawazuddin siddiqui, superb direction and astounding background score.
 great opportunity thrown away.
 leaves a mark on the viewer.
 ketan mehta back in form.
 an inspiring story retold..!
 a good one!
 what a performance by nawazuddin siddiqui
 remarkable acting...epic story...deserves national award
 rare good hindi movie
 best movie of bollywood till now !
 good, fantastic and alive
 unbelievably inspirational
 mountain man
 move mountains or die trying!!!!!salute!!!
 inspring tale of love,dedication,corruption and enjoy with very talented nawajuddin
 shaandaar....jabarjast...zindabaad
 a must watch. shows what strong determination can achieve against all odds.
 amazing!!!
 that is a movie
 a cult movie in every sense.
 spoiler :mind blowing mixture of director and actors
 man can move a mountain, indeed
 manjhi is not for '100 million club' viewers
 one of the best movie from bollywood
 an epic tale of a man with an unyielding spirit!!
 the movie that made me cry
 brilliance from nawazuddin..
 shandaar jabarjasth zindabad! epic!
 mountain man stands tall!! nawazuddin the best of all !!
 love ,romance, passion and single man power >>
 acting as rock solid as dasarth manjhi's will
 an oscar winning epic story
 i would give it up for navazuddin siddiqui
 nawazuddin takes this simple tale to a different level..manjhi will certainly blow your minds..
 one of the besf movie
 the indian shawshank redemption
 a must watch movie
 the most powerful inspirational story of a most powerful person(baba dashrath manjhi)
 good movie 10 out of 10
 awesome movie... awesome acting.. a must watch
 speechless, in tears!
 must watch! it will make you laugh, cry and think.
 best of best movie
 its a master pics must watch
 inspirational movie
 the living example for andy dufresne's tunnel
 one of best bollywood movie both in terms of storyline and acting.
 maanjhi - an epic love story.
 first movie ever to make me cry
 a must watch movie.
 indian shawshank redemption!!
 masterpiece that will remain in your heart for ever!!!
 bhagwan ke bharose mat baitho
 really an inspirational movie....
 a story that competes inch to inch with that of taj mahal!
