 worst film of the year till now
 good attempt
 an emotional comedy-drama and family entertainer, not an action-packed adventure thriller
 a mission set on crossing the borders of two politically conflicting countries and this time for a little girl's love
 good movie.
 a melodramatic effort by touching the cross border propaganda
 avg 1st half; very good 2nd half
 power of humanity
 a highly overrated movie
 this is real salman khan movie
 kabir khan's best work to date
 movie with good sentiments that never looses its plot
 bajrangi will make you a bit better human being......perhaps
 oh yeah, no second thoughts, just go watch it!
 one of the best work of salman khan after "andaz apna apna"
 kabir khan did a great job with creating emotion
 a good movie by salman after very long time.
 a nice film......
 finally a hindi movie with a touching story
 bajrangi bhaijan - a family entertainer which will win your hearts.
 true (tearjerker) bollywood. ♦ 70%
 nawab bhaijaan
 predictable but distinct among salman khan entertainers
 the story of how a virtuous indian man helps a mute pakistani girl return home after a series of catastrophes occur in her life.
 the proportion of singing and dancing is quite large
 one time watcher
 thoroughly enjoyable from start to finish
 salman and kabir khan's best movie till date
 it feels nice to assume such cinematic liberties becoming true forgetting our ugly past for the benefit of all coming generations. do watch it.
 salman khan's best performance and film to date!
 heart-warming!
 this movie can even make a stone cry..
 salman finally answers his critics.. a movie that makes a casual viewer a fan
 salman's super stardom and well-defined content will make it sustainable at the ticket window and has good legs to prolong its splendid run.
 if you miss this movie, you will regret for sure
 bajrangi bhaijaan endorses the religion of humanity, love and togetherness!
 a love story of humanity
 heart touching and very much enjoyed...
 blockbuster written all over it !!!
 a movie made with love!
 kabir khan has given another flavor of eidi to salman's fan
 winners (just not) take it all.
 din't live up to my expectations but still great!
 good and sincere :)
 bhais best movie that i have ever seen
 best salman khan movie i have seen recently!
 an improvement over salman's previous movies!!
 wins your heart in straight sets !!!
 a heartfelt tale of love & innocence from kabir khan
 a feel good movie after a very long time from salman!!!
 outstanding epic heart touching bajrangi bhaijaan
 a winner all the way!
 best work from salman till date...a must watch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 awesome movie
 great
 old salman is back!
 bajrangi bhaijaan :- a movie full of heart and emotions
 a salman khan movie aggregating an 8/10 score on imdb even after 4 years of its release! - do i need to be more specific?
 an offbeat salman
 a brilliant story about love
 bajrangi bhaijaan: true entertainer and a heart winner
 a truly emotional indian masterpiece
 bajrangi bhaijaan: a surprisingly feel good movie
 this movie will touch your heart
 masterpiece
 heart touching... best work of salman.. great acting
 a pleasant surprise for salman fans
 salman khan hit the right chord for once deviating away from his larger than life entertainers.
 the method that works.
 awesome movie
 the movie i've been waiting for
 best movie after pk
 salman needed this refreshing movie
 little angel stole my heart
 just wow...incredible movie
 finally something refreshing!
 winner all the way !!
 one of the best movies of all time
 a movie makes you fall in love with pakistan and its common people
 don't judge with its title...its a masterpiece
 i wish imdb had a 11 star rating too, because bb deserves it!!!
 a most watch film.
 again another gift from salman!! salute
 bajrangi bhaijaan- a movie first for hates then his fans
 salman khan's best movie..
 crafted to perfection
 mindblowing mindblowing mindblowing
 a groundbreaking, heart stomping journey which you shouldn't miss!
 10/10 one of the best movies of bollywood to date
 blessed this july!
 this movie leaves u with a smile tears and heart felt emotions super duper hit !
 the little cute girl harshalli steals the show!
 different from other salman khan movies
 jai jai bajrangi bhaijaan.excellent
 a landmark film in the hindi film industry!!! kabir best ever, and one of salman's best.
 indian movies have a way of tearing me up.... wonderful movie
 the biggest blockbuster movie in indian cinema.
 bajrangi bhaijaan rocks !!!!
 a heart-touching movie that conveys a great message
 the hidden actor
