 a biopic written by a ms dhoni fan
 highs and lows
 ms dhoni-the already told story!
 msd: main story remains untold
 untold story
 bleh
 great actor sushant
 interesting but still disappointed
 nothing you did not know about ms...
 a decent attempt
 unnecessarily overlong
 india's poster boy is pitch perfect
 still untold story
 sushant strikes...!! neeraj pandey starts well but gets clean bowled in the end..!!
 it was a ok movie
 decent try
 great first half but is pretty much directionless after that
 pandey plays it safe and makes it a told story
 sushant too good
 it should have been much better as non biopic
 must watch for dhoni fans
 m.s. dhoni: the untold story (2016)
 learn to win through strong determination power
 m.s. dhoni: the untold story (2016) review...
 2011 was a magical year for m.s. dhoni and indian cricket.
 dhoni succeeds, neeraj fumbles
 not really an untold story
 dhoni scored but the movie didn't
 ms dhoni - a decent effort
 a treat for cricket and dhoni fans !!
 ms dhoni is engaging is best in 1st half and ordinary in 2nd half.
 a good story spoiled by stretched screenplay
 a peek at a slice of life of a famous indian sports figure
 m.s.dhoni the untold story is a decent attempt on dhoni's life but nothing special stand out in this.they have missed a lot of untold things and shown mostly the known things.
 this movie brings back all the great memories of m.s dhoni during his career as a batsman.
 ms dhoni review
 "m.s.dhoni : the untold story" pays tribute to real-life hero but disappoints as a film
 instant blockbuster !!! still a case study of lost opportunities.
 first half is good
 too fast, cannot follow
 movie succeeds in portraying dhoni's story
 terrific match winning performance from sushant singh rajput
 he has been impressing on field, now his story impresses on screen
 why to go and see msdhoni - the untold story
 a born leader & a living legend ..... m.s. dhoni
 it is more of a feeling than a movie.
 go, watch and unfold the untold story. a master class performance by sushant singh rajput.
 m. s. dhoni: the untold story hits a smashing sixer.
 a film worth watching
 a captivating biopic on mahendra singh dhoni
 the biopic on india's celebrated skipper, mahendra singh dhoni
 we know him as dhoni, but this is the tale of mahi.
 ms dhoni the untold story
 ms dhoni the legend man
 well-made film on the great ms dhoni!
 m.s. dhoni is the most magnificent biopic comes out from bollywood in recent time.
 there is and will be only one msd
 much awaited biopic...exceptional individual performances...a treat for cricket and msd lovers!
 the untold inspirational story of m.s. dhoni
 sushant delivers a match winning performance as dhoni
 dhoni
 neeraj pandey's mediocre is still a good bollywood flick
 this is more than a movie for cricket/dhoni lovers !
 journey to greatness!
 an indisputable effort by sushant singh rajput
 the first half proves why neeraj pandey is one of the best directors in the country.
 so far the best entertainer of this year
 must watch
 movie lives up to the statement - the man you know; the journey you don't!
 one of the best biography
 a fantastic bibliography of mahendra singh dhoni
 m s dhoni
 ultimate inspiring movie
 awesome story, lacking depiction
 m.s.dhoni nice motivational movie
 a must watch sensible & emotional ride with goosebumps guaranteed
 very inspiring movie
 great acting, good direction..this movie is a must watch for all !
 a straight sixer !
 great movie.and sushant singh..no doubt grt
 great movie must watch
 celebrate mahi's journey
 best biopic ever
 awesome
 sushant at it's best
 ignore the one start reviews , ignore the 10star reviews
 a magnificent movie of a legend who is magnum opus and an actor who portrays this magnum opus on screen with an electrifying performance.
 great movie about a great man
 sushant is incredible!
 awsm movie. must watch for dhoni fans, u will love it
 dhoni untold story
 i couldn't differentiate whether its dhoni or sushant
 become die-heart fan of sushant singh rajpt!!
 extraordinary
 no other actor can play a role of dhoni better than shushant..
 your chance to meet ms dhoni!
 awesome movie ,struggle of dhoni life,his ups and downs,
 "awesome movie..!!"
 most entertaining movie of the year so far ...
 untold story is as awesome as msd .best cricket movie ever
 awesome movie..!!!!!
 from good to great
 dhoni dhoni dhoni dhoni
 nearly perfection!
 the acting skills of sushant is extraordinary and remarkable
 masterpiece.
 sushant singh rajput the best actor in the world.
 osm
 i entered the theatre being a dhoni fan and came out as a sushant fan.
 super duber hit
