 a brave attempt by anurag basu and ranbir kapoor
 the movie is a beautiful experience. would have been a 10 if not for 2 major issues.
 good attempt, but a disappointment in the end.
 a musical treat first of its kind in bollywood, power packed with great cinematography and performances.
 a good attempt
 too many cooks spoil the broth
 a must watch movie for ranbir's acting
 trying to make a disney musical in bollywood
 jagga jasoos- so close yet so far
 jagga jasoos
 this is a beautiful mess....
 a visual masterpiece but with a dull script and over-excessive musical dialogues
 encouraging attempt to adopt a comic character on screen.
 fun, visually beautiful entertainer but too silly at times
 jagga jasoos is worth watching musical adventure where the music part scores high but adventure doesn't.ranbir's stellar performance and ravi verman's dop deserves applause.
 basu breaks the storytelling norms!
 jagga is lovable, but i hated the editing
 could've been great
 a good attempt
 a visual cinematic musical treat which became a big failure because it was made for wrong audience
 not quite great
 worth a watch !!
 far better than the general reviews
 fresh, unique & delightful
 it's a beautiful bollywood musical we were waiting for.
 a welcome break but could have been better
 bollywood's answer to spielberg
 welcome to the unique and different world of jagga
 quirky and fun, unlike anything you've seen in indian cinema
 excellent ... don't miss this!
 ambitious and admirable, flawed and inconsistent
 must watch for adventure genre
 a masterpiece
 a magical film that deserved more.
 a great bollywood adventure, so much fun and well done.
 adventurous, refreshing, unfolding something rare
 even as someone who's not a fan of bollywood...
 neither a galti, nor a mistake
 creativity as its par as anurag basu deals with it
 fun-filled adventure movie
 "anurag basu strikes gold with a must watch experimental flick " rating - 4/5
 brave effort.. breaks the stereotype... deserves applaud..!!
 a brave attempt, a musical adventure and a tale which makes you fall in love with the characters.
 cartoon feel to a epic film.
 a disney musical in bollywood
 a brave, audacious and sometimes-flawed attempt that deserves to be celebrated
 intriguing and heart-warming
 love this movie.
 beautiful story-telling with great visuals.
 a great movie
 a beautiful musical unseen before by bollywood
 you better not miss this at any cost !
 magical ride back to childhood - rich cinematic pleasure!
 bollywood , you don't deserve this masterpiece
 brilliant movie with one issue!
 one of the finest disney stories, yet it failed in india
 brilliant cinematography. brilliant plot. brilliantly executed. brilliant acting. brilliant music. brilliant attempt.
 everything but katrina!!
 creative and fun plot inspired by some real events
 will become a cult movie for indian cinema
 dazzling joyful musical ride
 must watch, amazing, creative, for the poet, singer, dancer, painter and kid inside every one of us
 good for time pass
 great must watch family movie
 worth watching, good story!
 fairy tale with great visuals
 indian cinema need more such attempts
 the next gen of india cinema..
 awesome! i liked it.
 witness to a historical moment in hindi films. best bollywood movie for this year so far
 awesome movie...must watch
 wow speechless one of the best movie
 awesomeness guaranteed
 a movie no on has the ability to review
 india's answer to tintin...!! watch it for ranbir kapoor's acting...
 best movie ever
 an epic adventure: do not miss at any costs
 excellent acting and direction
 nice movie specially for kids
 a masterpiece of anurag basu
 awesome awesome awesome movie
 awesome, mind-blowing and feel-good movie...
 genius but not for general audience
 masterpiece
 misleading reviews
 unlike anything we've seen in indian cinema.
 a total innovative masterpiece
 our family tradition
 fantastic
 like a children's book
 good film, excellent action by ranbir,
 i love it
 most cinematic movie bollywood ever has
 damn good movie!!!!
