 weak script ruins everything!
 unnecessarily dragging of story spoils the otherwise awesome movie
 fine acting marred only by a weak ending
 ultimately unsatisfying
 karan johar wants to tell it right.........
 karan johar loosing his touch
 ae bakwaas hai mushkil
 another lost labor of love
 ae brain is confused
 one sided love-craziness-comedy and srk
 karan johar- be careful next time when it comes to dialogues and execution but pretty decent
 it comes with a wavy graph of likeness that's full of good and bad moments
 love & friendships 101
 it's a mess!
 if you have ever loved and not loved back...
 a concoction of perfectly acted, fantastically musical, brilliantly shot scenes does that a classic make ?
 a nuanced film
 not for everyone.
 my favourite film , watched it almost 6 times till now
 ae dil hai mushkil is overly clichéd typical movie with brilliant performances from anushka and ranbir and best soundtracks of the year.
 a well-made film with top-notch performances!
 an okay film
 overall good flick. don't expect any suspense. simple story made in a fine way.
 soo unique and different kind of love story movie where only few people can understand
 modern....different.... heart touching!!
 sometimes formula movies are rare and welcome
 ranbir and anushka save karan johar this time
 karan johar still has it
 not new but still a masterpiece !!
 guys who never had a shattered heart, this movie is not for you!
 it is a love story, just not like the ones we are used to.
 try to understand its awesome
 kjo's mature work
 average story with great performances; a perfect balance between humour, romance and emotions ...worth watching
 very emotional movie
 a beautiful take on love and friendship.
 a thought-provoking effect
 let go of your love, can you?
 hearttouching
 disappointing end
 so good!
 its about understanding and strong relationship.
 how did you not like it!
 love story of rich
 ranbir is lovable and funny; anushka is brilliant; songs rule !
 excellent performances in a regular love story with mash up of friendship
 enjoyed every minute of it!!
 judge for yourself, worth the watch!! beautiful story..
 transformation of karan johar
 lovely movie. ignore the poor reviews on here because of politic reasons
 a journey of two friends lover with a sought of salt
 a love story beyond it's time
 a heart-wrenching story, not for everyone!
 only one sided lovers can get this fantastic movie...
 love is more than you know!
 a roller coaster of emotions and a wholesome entertainer.!!
 bollywood audience are brainless to dislike this movie
 for old souls
 in what is his most mature film to date, johar concocts a beautiful tale of unrequited love, broken hearts, and above all, friendship.
 hindi movies with hit songs
 good love triangle
 this movie is actually really good, and will have you watch it a second time.
 raw, naked emotions that have been missing from bollywood for a while.
 as karan said - this is a story about love, but not a love story
 simply superb
 must watch!!!
 anushka sharma's best work so far.
 a deeply honest and personal film
 definitely a must see! johar executed it perfectly!
 surprisingly so many bad reviews
 well crafted movie
 urban yet realistic and relatable
 masterpiece
 a masterpiece to love and befriend :)
 ae dil hai mushkil – a journey within
 ranbir's show all the way!
 i'm a ranbir kapoor fan! he's so adorable in this movie! muach ranbir, i love you!
 don't hesitate to watch this movie if your heart is brokent
 really!!!??
 stop being typical and watch this movie as it's beautiful
 this movie is for you if you have got your heartbroken!!
 most mature writing by karan
 amazing movie but just not for everyone
 great work by karan johar.
 saga of love....
 impressive cinema
 an original film, with a concept never explored in this direction
 excellent film which portrays love in real life
 awesome movie
