 one of the best movies by sunny but not the 90's adrenaline
 good movie but missing old sunny
 not so ghayalistic
 sunny deol still packs a dhai kilo punch!!
 a sunny deol show all the way, a film his fans will relish. a outdated story, with great action sequences. excepted more though.
 ghayal once again is an average movie, don't rush to theaters.
 sunny shines in a so-so fare...
 sunny deol made audience ghayal once again
 ghayal ones again unable to produce a fierce sunny deol
 "ajay mehra" won't disappoint you, worth watching.
 a good movie, could have been better
 once. just once.
 ghayal is back with a bang
 relive the good old "sunny" days!!
 slick and thrilling - no nonsense or over drama!
 sunny deol still has that screen presence and charisma....
 excellent!! a must watch for sunny deol fans.
 kick some ass
 awesome action thriller movie
 go for it! awesome action and background score will give you thrill
 best sequel ever
 a good hindi action movie after a long time
 one of the best!!
 something you don't expect in bollywood movie.
 the sequel to "ghayal" is great fun even though it doesn't measure up to its predecessor's lofty standards
 excellent movie for action lovers
 such a gripping movie!
 sunny deol's best film
 ajay mehra reloaded - v2.0
 excellent movie
 awesome movie and action
 worth to watch
 sunny rocks!!
 gritty action movie ... excellent
 innocent powerful sunny evolved
 top notch action movie ............go and catch it
 unstoppable deol!
 10, not your typical bollywood story, this has a hollywood touch to it!
 blast from the past!!! beyond my expectations....
 a compelling, action-packed film that recreates the exhilaration of the original
 high octane action movie with sunny deol acting that's it fellas...that's it..
 great movie...must watch
 ghayal once again is superb action movie...must watch for action movie lovers...
 watch it for fast paced action, sunny deol, and thrill
 two way thumbs up and hats off for sunny deol
 ghayal once again. sunny did it again.
 awesome..................if u wants to see action then watch it........
 ghayal once again is a big action movie
 what a movie yaar
 ghayal once again is bollywood's reinvention of action cinema
 i love ghayal once again
 excellent
 best best movie after a long time great story must watch it
 sunny deol's power pack performance
 another amazing flick by sunny deol
 sunny deol can be compared to the bengal tiger of bollywood.
 best action in a hindi movie
