 realistic approach with full of emotions
 a well-acted, yet flawed film!
 a beautiful pictuarization of the agonies of urban poor.....
 small town indians with new ideas about themselves .....
 good movie
 kashi varanasi banaras
 a smorgasbord of love, redemption, destruction, hope and transformation set in the backdrops of varanasi's crematoriums
 love becomes a funeral pyre
 cultural differences & inconsistencies.
 metaphor!!
 if you're not privileged enough, struggle is your fate
 good one
 a fine realistic film with sincere performances, falling short of the huge expectations raised by the media.
 unusual bollywood movie
 masaan film review – a story that touches your soul
 staggering
 a heartbreaking chronicle of harsh lives. ♦ 76%
 as we all live we are learning how to die
 astounding achievement!
 story of death, desperation & bravery, masaan will haunt you
 must watch for 'good cinema' lovers
 bedrocks boondocks and arising from ashes...
 the strange causes of death and the life after.
 reality check
 soul-shatteringly beautiful
 love got no identity!!!!
 amazing....
 one word: excellence
 best movie i have ever seen.
 need of improvement
 need of improvement
 phrases of life
 interesting
 not a typical bollywood movie
 masaan, a must-watch film, showcases the journey of transformation, journey from the ganges to sangam; talks about the very essence of life.
 depth of hope and despair
 fornication before wedlock can lead to serious difficulties!
 a film that is just too real!
 a complete art movie!
 bollywood - your time is up. welcome to real indian cinema...
 what a satisfyingly great piece of filmmaking.
 this is not just a movie
 emotions of real life couldn't be depicted so beautifully
 a timeless piece of art
 one of the best bollywood movies.
 masaan not only for ending, it also gave the permission to every new.
 best art
 finally a great hindi movie
 excellent work by vicky kaushal
 simply superb
 everything happens for a reason
 an all too real movie.
 even if disaster striked, life had a way out!
 a refreshing product from banal by-lanes of bollywood
 amidst life and existence.... !!!
 poignant tale of death and life
 heart-wrenching tale of guilt and relationships (8.5/10)
 a good catch !!
 this is a movie that takes time to come out and stays with you for days to come!
 masaan - the crematorium
 simple, beautiful and unforgettable.
 a heart wrenching love story set in actual india...
 the best of indian cinematography
 thought provoking cinema, at it's very best!
 awesome movie...thank god it's not a typical bollywood movie.
 emotions!
 once in a lifetime movie.
 awesome movie, good story, dares to talk about caste system and discrimination
 this movie is about hope
 no crap,pure emotion:art at its best
 don't miss this gem
 simple story yet powerful performances and new narrative.
 mind boggling heart touching story.
 finally masterpiece from bollywood
 what makes it standout!
 a raw picture of india
 a master piece
 brilliant!
 this movie touched my soul.
 eclesiastic.
 in an industry that's synonymous to gloss and glamor, masaan is an eye opener.
 great achievement for indian cinema...
 movie making at its best
 underrated masterpiece
 brilliant
