 ratna & fawad are good, screenplay is superb. otherwise boring!
 punjabi family drama at southern india
 a film on dysfunctional family...... lacks the coherence......
 a must watch film
 average movie
 a movie that has nothing special, but something is really special
 above average film
 a family drama with a twist !!
 fall in love with this family
 family drama - an emotional roller coaster
 fairly entertaining!!!
 indian family
 decent take on the emotional strains of a modern indian family
 a not so perfect photograph but a lasting memory indeed
 an emotional ride!!!
 family entertainer
 a lovable family drama
 you can find yourself in this family drama
 this family entertainer is a must watch!
 super movie...super actors....superhot fawad khan!!!!
 a story to feel
 family movie with humor and great acting
 beautiful drama.
 risqué family drama tackling current issues
 most under-rated but among the best movies of 2016
 "strong characters and good cinema approach".makes you to watch till end..
 family : the last stand
 good entertainer and worthy time spent
 kapoor & sons...an entertainer to its core!
 simply adorable
 this is one madhouse of a family drama
 "kapoor and sons" has humor, drama and message to spare!
 changing dramedy facet! superb!
 kapoor and sons (u/a) hindi --------- my rating: ★★★★ mixed with emotions
 great emotional fantastic and some hot looks from fawad
 quite impressive
 must watch.
 a family move worth to watch
 i did not expect to enjoy this film so much
 a winner all the way!
 a great family movie questioning and answering the essential values to make your family the ideal one
 not every family is happy,but that doesn't mean it isn't a family
 family drama at its best
 a lovely family drama
 worthwhile it is, 'kapoor and sons'
 perfect family drama
 nice family drama 👌
 surrendering to the will to live?
 i loved this movie
 a very heart touching story
 a film of quaking emotional beauty
 it will stir your emotions...
 high on drama and fun. this one's a beauty.
 a great movie that you might miss!
 good family movie
 "yahan koi bhi doodh ka dhula nhe.. sab jhoot bolte hai..."
 i wasn't expecting this
 unique story.
 a truly delightful family entertainer after a long time in bollywood
 bollywood family drama - a very mature film making
 'nobody' is 'perfect' and no one is a 'nobody'.
 family entertainer emotional and fun
 a tale of heartfelt imperfections!!
 fantastic movie
 emotional family entertainer
 lovely!! the first thought that will come to your mind after watching the movie.
 beautiful, entertaining, realistic - so far the best bollywood film of 2016
 kapoor and sons will make love, laugh and cry - highly recommended !!!
 wow!
 will be a classic!
 masterpiece
 great movie!
 superb story backed by tremendous performances
 underrated af
 outstanding plot twists!
 a beautiful film
 best movie of 2016
 brilliant
 an ensemble of stellar performances to create magic!
 an absolute delight! a must watch indian movie!
 story of lies and broken family
 fantastic, charming and makes you think twice
 the reality of most families!
 kapoor and sons realistic yet so endearing!
 gem of a movie.
 hats off to this movie!
 unexpectedly good!
 i love fawad khan
