 labeled based on a true story but simply fictionalized
 mediocre
 they took the universal sports drama handbook and ran with it
 dangal ...an honest review
 not as great as hyped!
 simple little sports movie
 not happy.
 similar cliché bollywood movie
 good and worth watching.
 modern story, classic style
 a good film
 feels so bloated and forced that it hampers the, admittedly noteworthy, hearty narrative
 going for gold
 full entertainment, average script, single dimension characters, predictable story-line
 best movie of amir khaan
 not that good
 a movie worth the hype. off the beat, still mainstream. hard-smart work, and it shows.
 sugar coated regressive portrayal of feminine gender
 will power & strong believe to do the impossible can do wonders. truly a work of a legend mr perfectionist you are getting better with each movies !
 incredible sports film
 differs from reality but worth watching
 "you have to fight in a way that people remember you."
 a well-made, well-acted film with a strong message!
 not a must watch, but throughout entertaining
 resurgence of technically sensible movies
 if overrated had a name
 touching and interesting
 classic
 highest grossing indian movies of all-time
 inspiration and women's rights
 the great and the not-so-great point of the film - amir khan
 inspirational
 what a movie
 a great biopic movie but doesn't offers too much new thing
 2 stars minus just for the climax
 aamir's chak de india of 2017 !
 motivational
 energetic,emotional,patriotic and a good message
 2 years later, aamir khan yet again succeeds with this sports-drama. pritam's music is a bronze medal
 another classic from aamir but this time a tribute to mr. phogat
 dangal is sincere in narration, perfect in detailing, true in spirit, patriotic and inspiring at its core.
 with dangal, aamir khan took it to another level of perfection!
 dangal beats expectations!
 in india we celebrate the struggle and not the medals
 great film, but not for the reasons you might think
 gold
 a powder keg of a monster-tainer
 great movie !!, but with some bollywood-ish masala.
 charming, informing and emotional
 a must watch!
 a 2016 masterpiece.
 screenplay and based on true story tag made it good from ordinary story
 a very nice(fictional...i say) bio pic i have ever seen
 an emotional story full of powerful performance.
 hard-hitting and powerful
 perfect movie name for the story
 now this is the perfect example of how casting should be done. not the best of the sports lot by all means, but certainly the way how these type of movies should be made.
 dangal: an inspirational movie
 dangal raises the bar so high!
 entertains and inspires, an epic movie for all ages
 aamir is back with a stellar performance of a decade !
 this is aamir khan's by far the best one.finest casting and terrific acting by all.
 the best biopic ever
 movie of the year. its much better than sultan in terms of everything and script here worked out well
 fantastic!
 the movie with its classic taste
 grit and determination
 high level of detail makes dangal stand out! inspirational true story
 bhed ki haahakaar ke badle sher ki ek dahaad hai pyaare- dangal!
 dangal is very special. ultimate mix of technical film making and popular cinema
 this years best along with pink
 best wrestling movie ever
 another cinematic masterpiece from aamir khan
 wrestle with your emotions...
 aamir does a dhobi pachaad!
 a cinematic brilliance!
 yet another classic from mr perfectionist's stable
 dangal: a fresh air in the era of melodramatic sportsmen biopic
 its dangal dangal.
 near-perfect multi-layered film crafted into simplicity
 fantastic all round performance
 well made movie to shed light on a inspiring real life miracle
 one of the best bollywood drama/biography movies.
 an emotional and inspirational masterpiece!!!
 dangal: a masterpiece of a movie!
 the best indian movie in the history
 omg what a great movie.
 awesome film n wonderful performance by aamir. disney n aamir did a miracle with this film.
 simply fantastic! plot, acting, direction: mastery in all.
 very nice movie
 ultimate triumph
 omg!!!
 the best indian film. deserves an oscar. do not miss this masterpiece.
 dangal - a strong message to indian society
 had me on the edge of my seat and in tears
 and the gold medal goes to... mr. perfectionist
 aamir is god of bollywood
 the best movie of the decade
 must watch for every film lover!
 extraordinary movie a must watch
 kind of movie you have not seen in a long time
 excellent movie
 amir's best
 dangal | best of aamir & 2016
 one among the best indian films
 inspiring and original, the year's best film
 bollywood movie of the year.
 review film dangal by aj
 sometimes some experiences cease to be a movie. they become much more.
