 an exhausting journey
 kabali - rajini all the way but lost the path somewhere
 neither there nor here !!
 "a below average gangster thriller that's bound to receive negative response due to mammoth expectations "
 a failed movie with complete rajni show
 kabali is entirely misunderstood movie which is totally different from what it showed in teasers.its an emotional gangster flick which can be watched once.
 film for rajani fans only
 not the usual but not the best
 family first,don second
 kabali lives or dies?
 its rajnikant
 kabali – show on more emotional side of a don
 i liked...
 typical rajni film
 k a b a l i - a song of fire and ice !!!
 only too much hype, but still a good movie
 slow burner
 rajni style movie with normal script
 a well-balanced movie of thalaivar!!
 rajini's smart move
 rajani punch missing
 a gangster flick with a deep script and emotions
 super star rajini movie - hell no ! pa ranjith film - yes !
 wonderful movie with mass acting.
 watch it for super star
 a great movie thamizh people
 despite starring rajinikanth, kabali is more than a mere big budget entertainer
 watch it only for rajinikanth without any expectation.
 one of best rajini movie!!
 not a typical story line and tremendous screen presence of rajinikant created another history of tamil cinema......
 a decent movie by rajnikant
 a master piece by rajnikant but a small problem is the finishing....
 a decent watch !!
 kabali __rajnikanth's acting orientated movie
 the clash of two gangs over malaysian underworld.
 a different shade from rajnikanth - not for everyone
 masterclass from the master
 thalaiva rocks
 rajni's presence and much to
 the actor rajnikanth took the driver seat rather than the superstar rajnikanth.
 kabali is more for the classes than the masses!
 why should i always do super human roles??--superstar..
 a very well made movie with tremendous research on malaysian tamils
 more of emotional drama than a regular gang war movie
 kabali - see the movie!
 an amazing blend of emotions and action - kabali .
 classic gangster and revenge
 outright rajini acting movie - no masala
 kabali review: rajinikanth is back in action!
 rajinikanth in a different dimension
 classic & stylish
 an excellent film about the sufferings of ethnic tamilians in a characteristic "thalaivar style".
 don't trust the critics- a non rajini film
 overall a movie must be watched out 🔊 and definitely it's a not to be missed.. for super star🌟 rajnikanth fans it's a festival time..
 kabali - the movie!!! not rajini!
 best of its kind
 as expected a gangsta movie
 great movie highlighting issues faced by tamilians
 thalaivar has class too
 movie to watch for rajnikanth's realistic soft acting
 unique story, enjoyed watching it !
 a slow but sweetly crafted emotional gangster thriller
 "kabali" is great gangster classic with roller coast of emotions , revenge & love . misunderstood by most people
 a beautiful movie with feel
 #‎kabali‬ review – kabali is not a typical ‪#‎superstar‬ ‪#‎rajnikanth‬ movie, but a good movie
 its a very nice family movie. i suggest people to watch the movie and come to a conclusion.
 a one time watch??? hell no for a rajini fan, for others a big yes !
 exceeded expetations
 a gangster movie even women willing to watch is a success for both the superstar and director
 excellent gangster movie with rajni's signature moves
 the perfect gangster movie,rajni sir proves he is the superstar
 kabali - realistic and engaging storyline with good dose of action
 excellent movie
 what a movie! if you are world cinema viewer, you will love it!
 well crafted , amazing screen presence by rajnikanth
 perfect rajini sensation
 style king - no one comes close to rajinikanth when it comes to style
 magizhchi
 kabali is great :) :) .
 rajnikanth nailed it as an actor
 a well balanced and awesome movie
 emotional gangster drama
 a family entertainer
 kabali bringer of light.
 excellent mass movie
 pure class with appropriate mass
 magizhchi
 awesome tamilan n proud on our language
