 sincere, but never remarkable!
 a good movie, but....
 medium adaptation of a heart breaking heroic story
 salute neerja bhanot .....concrete storyline saved the movie.
 good biopic
 good to have in bollywood
 dragged a bit; sonam kapoor is good
 impressive biopic after two and have decade of incidence
 shabana azmi's tour de force
 neerja is a cinematic gem and sonam triumphs!
 aapki belidan ko pernam
 sonam kapoor makes us believe she is, was, neerja
 neeraja - best performance ever !!
 so realistic and so emotional. hats off neerja!!
 anil kapoor must be proud of his daughter
 a fitting tribute to neerja bhanot. a must watch.
 makes you sad, very very sad!
 a daredevil girl!!
 neerja is india's true daughter. a gripping and thrilling drama about a real brave hero.
 neerja - an ordinary biopic of an extraordinary girl.
 once more awesome real story
 india 2016
 "i hate tears"
 masterpiece with a pinch of salt
 an inspiration for all those who feel they can never be strong.
 neerja defines what patriotism is all about; neerja will inspire you, make you feel a proud indian
 neerja is gritty and realistic cinema which should be lauded for its sheer effort
 amazing story, brilliant direction and soulful acting.
 neerja an benchmark for indian cinema and sonam kapoor
 very intense biographical thriller
 i think this is the best indian film i've seen.
 watch neerja, an excellent film, which would leave you in tears for the kind of human spirits displayed by the braveheart.
 courageous, bold and dutyful
 the story will get you. ♦ grade b+
 a directorial master piece as far as the creation of unsung heroism is concerned.
 sonam kapoor is excellent in an inspiring thriller
 my review!
 good solid effort
 one of the best films of 2016
 a must watch. masterpiece...
 a salute to real life hero which will leave you emotional
 a rare bollywood gem! kudos to the director
 "a fact of life we all die. but the positive impact you have on others will be a living legacy." catherine pulsifer
 sonam could finally redeem her name!! nicely done-just watch movie
 neerja
 life has to be bigger, not longer
 can put you in tears
 a film that left me speechless.
 great direction , awesome movie
 my review of neerja (spoiler-free, i promise)
 an ode to woman's courage and bravery. an excellent real life adaptation
 bollywood matures with this gem! a teary salute to the gallant neerja
 felt really proud of neerja!
 best
 this is outstanding!
 ‪#‎review‬ ‪#‎neerja‬
 do your duty, come what may.
 a story of a brave heart...a must watch..
 rare masterpiece in bollywood
 an amazingly heartbreaking tale
 too good to be limited to only bollywood, but require minute changes
 zindegi badi honi chahiye, lambi nahi
 brave attempt
 good film and a great symbol of humanity
 most inspiring character
 grand salute to neerja and her biopic!
 sonam kapoor's terrific hijacking drama will leave you teary-eyed
 amazing movie about india's daughter
 an absolute masterpiece
 "neerja" the movie should be an example to hollywood and neerja the person should be an example to us all.
 courage has no age
 brilliance personified!
 ram madhvani rocks in neerja!!!!🤘🤘🤘
 grand salute to neerja and her biopic! life has to be bigger not longer!
 i legit cried at the end
 neerja (2016) my review
 empowering!
 a much needed change for a change.
 not a movie, beyond that
 neerja - bravery in kindness
 outstanding movie
 great direction, good acting, and the fact that all this actually happened makes the movie outstanding
 neerja - salute to absolute bravery
 heart wrenching salute!
 a story strongly held by the performances of the actors
 straight away 10.
 hats-off to "sonam kapoor" for her stunning performance!
 perfect movie i've ever seen
 make my eyes wet at the end
