 great first half but dud second half
 one time watch movie
 nice movie by anurag kashyap
 not a good story
 weird turn of events
 one confusion leaves everyone confused including the audience - disappointing
 love is messy and beautiful
 a different love story
 below expectations!!
 fresh air in bollywood
 deduct 3 star only for not displaying vicky after the interval
 deduct 3 star only for not displaying the vicky's character well in the last
 here's the best romantic movie of the year.
 treatment treat!!!
 in short
 husband material
 review of manmarziyaan.
 feel good film
 good
 ending was a disappointment..
 good one..
 surprisingly good
 a confusion better ended earlier
 more of a psychological romance.
 awesome movie..... 😍
 anurag kashyap- a litlle hit and a little miss this time
 love vs companionship
 stays with you long after you walk out of the theatre
 manmarziyan is way ahead of kuch kuch hota hai and hum dil de chuke sanam.
 the people who make jokes of abhishek bacchan's acting, should definitely watch it!
 beautifully told - anurag kashyap makes a different yet charming love story
 relive hum dil de chuke sanam
 reinventing , redefining
 watch for powerful acting of taapsee and vicky but abhishek bachchan steals the show
 this generations hum dil de chuke sanam
 anurag kashyap kind of love story
 a modern dilemma, anurag doesn't disappoint!
 a beautiful movie
 paise vasul movie
 better then expected
 loved every minute of it!
 welcome back abhishek
 taapsi pannu nailed it
 portrayal of real life emotions
 the heart knows no bounds... manmarzian
 the bold mutual favor modern-day triangle love story
 in one word if i have to sum this film up, it would be "glorious".
 good movie
 finally a realistic love story
 fabulous!!!
 another brilliant movie by anurag kashyap
 beautiful and well directed
 mr kashyap nailed it
 fabulous!!
 finally a realistic love story
 it's not everybody cup of tea
 the love the heartbreak the realisation
 method to madness
 anurag' another baby
 anurag kashyap did it again!
 a must watch
 absolutely bbbbrilliant
 don't go by the negative reviews
 very intriguing movie with chaos when people are in love
 abhishek bachchan is back
 a realistic meaningful love story
 a good love triangle in anurag style while abhishek is best to watch in this !!!
 this kinda of thing happens !
 anurag is our kim ki duk
 for those who have loved someone...
 a must watch
 story of dev d told from a woman perspective, masterfully crafted.
 sheer brilliance from anurag kashyap "2.0"
 music is the lead.
 a love story for all ages.
 vicky kaushal the new talent
 a movie beyond brilliance
 great movie.. a must watch for everyone..
 love story with a 💓
 what a beautiful movie
 anurag k. portrayed realistic approach of nowadays love affairs
 a must watch
 gripping and enjoyable
 one awesome romantic movie after namastey london
 so raw, yet so beautiful!
 simple story but ak adds lots of color to makes it thoroughly entertaining
 anurag kashyap - the master
 best romance movie ever seen.
 4.2/5
 best movie of the year
 the pain of passion is more intense than passion itself. feel it in this surreal
 abhishek bachchan is one of the best actors
 superb film making
