 not original story and definitely not worth the hype
 it's all about just blood, murders, violence, sex, and drugs
 a phone directory of crime
 better than badlapur but could have been a lot better
 horror thriller
 good try but lots of loose ends
 in the mood for ...
 enjoyed it in parts
 review - raman raghav 2.0 (2016)
 a dark psychological thriller which could make you view the people surrounding you differently.
 a good thriller until unless you feel it just stole the idea from insomnia
 best movie on the subject from india, i know of.
 his final scene in the movie, where he explains his motive, while finding his soulmate to carry on his legacy is beautiful, bringing out his acting caliber.
 not ak's best but good stuff
 raman raghav 2.0 - not quite as ugly
 another superb performance by nawaz
 a nawazuddin siddiqui masterclass
 on the mill but dark
 finely scripted . could have been stronger
 one time watch...
 outstanding and unconventional psychological thriller
 inside us lives a killer.
 unconventional cinema
 haunting. stunning. exhausting
 bizzare
 nawazuddin siddiqui show why he's a good actor...
 thrilling
 friendship of art and cruelty.
 good watch
 trade mark anurag kashyap movie
 job of 'escort girls' is mighty risky...and much more!
 nawazuddin siddique and vicky kaushal are the stars of this film!
 dark, brutal and mesmerizing
 wonderfully sinister
 evils we see & evils we don't...
 mai kisi ki aad me nahi chipta, mai wardi ke peeche nahi chipta
 cinematic excellence!
 a memorable movie
 it's dark,goads the question of morality
 a movie that touches the monster inside you
 anurag kashyap is god of dark cinema
 rr 2.0: a multi layered reflection of oneself. 9/10
 thanking ak for this powerful movie experience
 best acting and best direction
 a hollywood item
 the greatest hindi movie of modern times
 a masterpiece that was made a few years earlier than it's time.
 india's gift to world cinema!!!
 take a deep dive into the souls of two similar yet somehow different men.
 raman raghav 2.0 review: psychotically delicious and gorgeously disturbing
 ultimate movie with powerful dialogues & action
 the eerie, scary and a satisfying film that i watched in a long time.
 this movie will make you saint
 dark but beautiful
 cult classic made by one only anurag kashyap
 a tight slap upon the indian hypocrisies
 smashing!
 now that's what i call above the others
 a ultra-violent graphic novel
 inspiring murder!!!!
