 heavy handed message, but relevant at this time
 unusual plot
 sasur, bahu aur toilet
 well-intended n simple film
 very intelligently thought script and decently directed
 a mediocre social comedy which plays like a 140 minutes advertisement of swaach bharat abhiyaan
 comedy, humour, romance and above all a social campaign.
 good initiative to spread awareness.
 great effort but could have been much better. great performances by bhumi padnekar and sudhir pandey but poor direction left the movie dangling.
 every indian should watch this powerful drama
 movie of the year
 another great one from akshay kumar
 a story about public defication, female discrimination, and religous culture in india.
 although the performance is exaggerated and the plot is lax, it is at least facing the common problems in society.
 they should have told in some way that there are no sewer lines and how the toilets in rural areas are different from urban ones!
 change
 akshay kumar is on this basu chatterjee trip!
 best way to give social message is entertainment n most important akshay style
 another brilliant hit movie from akshay
 don't miss it !
 enjoyed overall, but a bit puzzling from a cultural standpoint
 a visit to this toilet is a must
 awesome concept.
 is india really changing?
 cinema can change the world
 good movie but started lame
 nice but overrated
 nice take on social issue.
 don't listen to the haters.
 pretty good heartfelt romantic comedy drama..........
 nice movie
 a must watch movie for all ages
 good movie with dialogue and comedy
 it is a must watch film.
 humorously delivers a strong message.
 a great film that addresses a shitty issue
 much needed movie !!
 interesting and worth watching
 very well made
 sweet, cute and.... well, very sweet!
 toilet - ek prem katha review: akshay kumar's social satire hits hard!
 the only word for this movie is "awesome"
 amazing movie
 "awesome" word is made for this movie.
 agar biwi chahiye ghar me pass to ghar mein hona padega sandas
 its outstanding
 a good social cause
 excellent movie with a real message
 a must watch worth movie
 it really teaches us the problem that's happening in india with a mixture of comedy entertainment and action
 pahle samjho ki villain kaun hai
 must watch movie
 nice movie with a great social message
 impressive open defecation story
 best film
 he movie has everything to be called as a good movie.
 tight script, amazing humour with par-excellent performances
 a perfect social movie
 i can say "excellent work"
 सत्य है ! शौचालय एक समस्या
 a movie that makes sure that the 'toilet seat' remains up!
 excellenttttttt movie, want to watch it again
