 remake of a movie , which was not that good by itself.
 kabir khan should read this if he intends to work with salman khan next time.
 salman khan... not such a "little boy" ... but u can watch dis movie !
 bhaijaan meets barfi.
 if you have faith u can move mountains.
 tubelight's role is not perfect for salman khan's personality
 need a better story
 nothing special in this cute flick but it's only salman whose innocence and honest acting makes it a decent watch
 solid movie; don't understand the hate
 why it works, and why it doesn't.
 good movie
 i am not a salman khan fan but this was not as terrible a movie as per the other reviews
 emotional movie not for the salman bhai fanboys
 very watchable and nice movie - don't blindly follow the critics reviews
 the most underrated film of salman khan and of 2017
 this is a wonderful film. it is an emotional roller coaster of a story.
 one time watch
 a moving film that will make you think.
 very good
 although movie is not bad
 deserves few more stars.
 tubelight review: salman did attempt something which is both heartwarming and commendable.
 abosolutely brilliant!!!! one of sallu's best...
 good massage with tubelight
 whats wrong???
 excellent movie and acting
 was overall a good emotional movie
 very good
 nice movie.
 don't judge the movie by critic reviews. watch yourself.
 recommended movie | the best movie
 brilliant, amazing and emotional...just loved this movie...!!! yes yes yes
 one of the best of kabir and salman
 this is the movie with full emotions... loved it
 this movie made me sob so hard(and i never cry)! beautiful
 great story.
 fantastic film that has not gotten the recognition it deserves.
 tubelight again the best of all time by salman khan
 salman acting saving grace
 i have literally never written a movie review in my life
 goat
 it hits you if you can relate
 tubelight has beaten dangal
 blockbuster movie with blockbuster acting by salman khan..masterpiece
 wow ! must watch movie ....
 good movie
 don't understand that y r there so many negative reviews
 amazing movie. i dunno why so much negative comment.
 loved that real life acting. go watch and enjoy your very own emotions balanced and maintained and owned by a single film!!
 excellent movie
 great movie
 salman's acting damn high
 phenomenal
 a pure piece of art. great acting by salman khan.
