 didn't live up to its potential!
 dhokah dhokha
 despite the perfect execution, sanjay leela bhansali should still read this review.
 molecule review: padmaavat
 were hindu kings this fool? like shown here.
 performances are the only saving grace!!
 story with the known end
 average movie
 my review
 much ado about nothing!
 the plot is weakly portrayed but the acting skill saved the day
 worth an effort
 overall worth watching if you take it as fiction, the portrayal of alaud-din is awful
 over-rated periodic dram yet good one time watch
 visually rich but empty spectacle
 does not delivers to its potential
 much ado about nothing
 climax should be the outcome, not the purpose
 amar chitra katha type story and sets
 worth a watch unless you are historian
 cost cutting and poor acting except the antagonist
 poor diection - great acting
 senslessly charismtic painting for fools
 could have been better!!
 little better than a hindi tv serial
 visually mesmerising
 an opulent yet flawed spectacle of an old wives' tale where mr. khilji takes the.. eh.. was about to say cake..!
 great story, big canvas but lose direction
 dipika padukone's worst film
 a cinematography master but a fragile story
 +1 for ranveer, damn
 a lesson in how to be a rajput
 alaudin khilji steals the show in padmavat
 u stay interested throughout the proceedings
 good one!
 nice movie
 a movie with great performances, music, visuals and loopholes
 harry potter series+batman trilogy+ avengers series= padmaavat
 a nice and attaching movie
 padmaavat review
 a marvellous film with extraordinary treat!
 history served deliciously!!
 beautiful but had more potential
 good storyteller in history with a stroke on visual brilliance
 a visual feast
 overall interesting
 it's just a movie for godsake
 ranveer singh just adds the tag "must watch", otherwise bhansali gives a decent film
 padmaavat is a decent periodic drama with terrific performance of ranveer singh and sheer visual delight.
 not upto expectation
 i enjoyed this movie
 padmaavat is history of the rajputs unveiled, and undoubtedly a must watch!
 unbiased review
 awesome movie all over...
 visual extravaganza! all the three leads rock!!!!!!!
 its
 grandiose, albeit some blemishes
 much more than just a pretty face
 spectacular
 visual treat with some good performance
 padmaavat
 majestic!
 cult classic
 very good computer graphics
 not first rate but still good
 really an amazing movie even though the story is repeated
 not a dull moment
 "padmaavat"- my (2nd) review
 "padmaavat"- my review
 surprisingly interesting & thrilling drama
 ignore all the haters....padmavati is a artistic masterpiece of world cinema
 gorgeous cinematography!
 fabulous movie
 true tale of love
 superb performances blended with astounding cinematography!
 one of the best directed movie of bollywood.
 indian cinema visual masterpiece... haters back off !!!
 khilji, a character you can loathe but not hate!
 osam ..all the corrector was awesome... but khilji was different...
 ranveer and slb are the definition of versatility
 stellar peroformances, beautifully shot. every shot is perfect and epic
 woww real indian movie
 great job
 must watch
 very entertaining and lavish
 spellbinding
 must watch
 nice. a great progress for indian cinema.
 bollywood's best epic is born
 speechless
 mr. bhansali's magnum opus!
 i've never loved a villain more
 a must watch movie.
 back off haters and hypocrites!!! its simply brilliant!
 ancient india. wild times !
 intriguing!!
 dignifying rajput glory & culture
 brilliant movie and the best is its climax scene sound effect
 awesome movie
 imaginary poem and real history mixed
 a dance like no other
 graphics, tradition, and skill set
 worth it!
 breathtaking cinematography, stellar performances, melodious music makes a bollywood classic
 10 !!! beautiful
 this picture resembles the indian culture to treat others, indian women self respect and excellence of rajputs
 outstanding movie
 a must ..
 excellent and glorious representation of a mega epic.
 watched it 20 times already
 visual masterpiece.
 a masterpiece
 another great movie
 beautiful movie and a great tribute to the rajputs
 loved it! loved it! loved!
 top class
 cinematic brillance of a cultural extravaganza
 exxeexcelwork by ranveersingh..
 all those negetive reviews are by karni sena
 the best movie i have ever seen
 history in real
 best movie ever
 great movie
 fascinating
 a visual treat for your eyes
