 "script zinda nahi hai"- but still watchable for salman khan and his kickass moves
 fantasy movie
 no logic but excellent action
 strictly for salman fans
 awesome movie
 one time watch
 great fun
 meet the isis militants that speaks english, smoke cigarettes and welcomes infidels as their guests.
 well, it's better than the first.
 fiction zinda hai
 too lengthy
 yippie..for a change katrina also makes the tigeress impact in the movie !
 nice
 good comeback by salman khan after forgettable tube light
 salman is back to his homeground!!
 action packed adventure - blockbuster
 a good action thriller which could have been better
 watchable, nice action and songs
 tiger zinda hai review
 good one
 sequel better than the first
 not as bad as many would say
 best performance from sal-man after bajrangi bhaijan
 action packed entertainer for every salman khan fan!
 awesome movie every one should watch
 tiger is back finally
 tiger roars
 made my day! engaging and thrilling!
 tiger returns to thrill
 action packed fun
 best slick action thriller ever made
 blockbuster
 blockbuster for a reason
 #tzh is sure shot blockbuster
 a good start for bollywood into action
 must watch
 tiger is immortal
 awesome
 best bollywood gun actions till date
 one of bollywood's best action films and has salman khan in his form.
 no story but a fun wach
 best action-bgm presented in indian cinema with heroic of the brand salmankhan !
 perfect movie
 tiger tiger tiger
 perfect storyline ..very nice movie
 blockbuster
 a good enjoyable movie
 well made movie but a tad bit too long
 phenomenal !!!
 ignore the delusional and biased anti-salman reviews. here is the real truth.
 tiger 5/5
 spectacular action film
 an action pack thriller
 good movie overall
 a wonderful action movie with a lot of emotions
 perfect family entertainer
 everything an action movie should be
 excellent balanced movie
 movie like a pro (comparable with hollywood movie)
 salman, as always rocking - a perfect family film
 1 number bhaijjann..!!
 must watch for everyone
 record breaker .. blockbuster ..
 full entertainment best action movie of bollywood
 awsome movie
 salman the real tiger
 tiger zinda hai review: he arrives with a bang, and in a much better way than part 1
 best!
 the best action movie till date in bollywood. must watch movie. paisa vasool
 surprisingly awesome action sequences, the female lead cannot act but she is very hot n she did some awesome action sequences. the male was terrific in action scenes.
 just brilliant, awesome, mind blowing, rocking movie.
 awesome movie....movie for unity...movie for mankind...
 superb movie would love to watch again
