 interesting story-line,but could've worked better on the building of the character of the female lead.
 showcases bromance in detail
 bromance vs romance!
 another "kartik aryan" movie
 beep
 short review
 fun movie! doesn't match upto pyar ka punchnama level. still enjoyable.
 okayish.. great songs. dull plot! average acting
 mixed emotions at the end
 funny!
 second half sucks!
 sonu ke titu ki sweety ke titu ka sonu
 not so funny but okayish funny movie
 fun movie
 something is missing
 an another sinful pleasure from luv ranjan
 sonu ke titu ki sweety review
 sonu ke tits
 good one
 a full of entertainmnt
 a houseful entertainment by the cast of pyar ka punchnama
 a decent movie
 watch for the fun it imparts!
 watch this movie sweety
 it is a fun ride all the way !!! karthik aaryan and alok nath steals the show
 this gang delivers..
 entertaining movie
 good performances, enjoyable characters, disappointing conclusion
 great entertainment
 a popcorn and girlfriend combo
 hilarious!
 strongly recommended
 a movie with catchy story line and complete entertainer
 a full-on entertainer
 entertaining
 'bromance vs romance', a refreshing-enjoyable war
 bromance over romance
 paisa wasool! full on entertainment!
 loved it...best bollywood movie of 2018 till date.
 example of friendship
 yay to bromance!
 great fun movie with some good actors but disappointing end
 nice , entertaining movie! catchy songs and fast paced.- great buddy movie
 some hilarious moments
 awesome movie by an awesome team
 good & different
 just sit and enjoy, without keeping your brain at home
 luv's best film till date, will watch it again n again!
 next level of pyaar k punchbama version with family tadka
 refreshing plot, little to no boring moments and a fun movie overall.
 nice movie
 excellent and fun film
 this is what's called an entertaining movie
 a 100 crore deserving film
 one of the best movies f 2018
 master of story and plot twist! fantastic portray of friendship!
 all because of honey singh !
 an honest example of great direction with superb actors !!
 chilling & entertaining according to modern age! reminds of my bestie!
 i'm going to watch it again!! if you haven't seen it yet..u r missing a great fun
 mindless fun
 entertaining till end , you'll never feel bored in any of the scenes .
 must watch if you think your weekend deserves some fun!
 this moview only for friendship..
 feel the bromance !!
 easily one of the best movies of 2018!
 loved it!!
 the trio of aryan, bharucha and ranjan knocks the ball out of the court.
 outstanding
 i can watch this every month
 funny, mysterious, great quality screening, importance of friendship & family
 all actors did their job very well.. and a well written movie
 fantastic funny movie
 awesome.............
 the best
 totally entertaining and very nice friendship movie
 best film ever on bromace.
 an indian rom com bromance that lives up to the expectations
 an absolute delight, alok nath and kartik killed it!
 great entertainment
 fun : from beginning to end.
 a movie about true brotherhood unleashing crisp entertainment the whole time
