 severely poor acting
 google research comes alive on screen
 greatly 'inspired' by 12 angry men
 strictly for those who have interest in political mysteries
 a much needed intellectual must watch film in bollywood !
 a truth seeking film deserves to be watched by all indians!!
 story telling could have been better but came to know a lot of things not to be found on history books
 makers have done extensive research
 not acceptable, but who knows might be the truth.
 very good movie but.....
 when a lot of facts hidden in it. why won't you watch it?
 strong holding concept and well narrated
 every indian should watch this
 very informative but cinematic experience could have been better
 *******
 movie is good but some information is wrong
 a solid unraveling thriller plot
 my review!
 good subject turned into a typical bollywood ending
 bit too dramatic and not that thrilling.
 quality film
 india of the 70s... welcome to the disneyland for russian spies!
 awesome ..paisa vasool
 a compelling movie which dare to ask serious questions
 must watvh even though it is not perfect
 politically inclined, but thought provoking.
 hard hitting.
 the tashkent files is the hard-hitting truth which is painful but is better than make-believe.
 eye opener but flawed
 a political conspiracy
 every indian must watch this
 a well researched movie
 an ill timed but well made political thriller
 history that is unknown to me!
 interesting and must watch
 must watch
 i soo wanted to give a 10 star
 a truth seeking film deserves to be watched by all indians!!
 truth is a luxury?
 a must watch
 triggered, not answerd
 who are these fools saying taapse pannu or alia bhatt should have played raagini instead of shweta
 excellent movie
 thought provoking
 a thoroughly studied piece of work.
 india deserves more political thrillers
 a blatant truth that was hidden.
 well researched and informative
 lot of ground work done
 fabulously scripted.... and written perfect piece of historic and political fiction.
 don't miss it at any cost
 story that had to be told!
 one the best political thriller produced by bollywood
 a film on perhaps india's biggest cover-up
 an eye opener
 very well researched and impactul
 sad truth revealed
 perfect guide to seekers of truth
 mandatory to live this movie
 must watch
 the ugly face of truth.
 do see paid news reviews the wire , scroll, hindustan times
 absolutely amazing movie
 forces you to think!!
 must watch thriller!!
 know how politics can do and have done in the past in india
 an eye opner
 what a brilliant movie - must watch for youth of india
 dedicated to all honest jounalists..do yourself a favor and get a taste of real indian history
 jfk of bollywood -- hats of vivek
 excellent performances and superb content
 must watch film for every indian :well researched and very informative
 not a boring political movie, this is a hair raising thriller
 outstanding
 conspiracy theory/ alternative truth - packs punch, raises questions..
 gripping political thriller
 meticulously narrated, must watch...
 a very interesting movie.
 factual movie!! not a regular masala movie...
 simply superb - thanks vivek
 brilliant !!! why it too someone so long to make a movie on shastri ji.
 masterpiece & factual !! watch if you love your motherland.
 superbly fantabulous movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 harsh truth
 superb cast with some hard hitting dialogues
 superhit
 the truth that indians were misinformed about.
 must watch
 can't be missed!
 excellent investigation movie
 ultimate movie on excellent content!
 not just politician but also critics have been exposed
 movie of a lifetime
 brilliant movie.. very well made..
 an eye opener!! don't go by the news agency reviews, this movie needs people support.
 a very sensible movie!
