 technically astonishing but story wise poorly constructed!
 sonchiriya is gritty, engaging, haunting, disturbing and highly entertaining n captures the soul of chambal quite beautifully.
 performances will amaze u
 violence begets violence
 watch this one right now!!!
 under-appreciated, engaging movie !
 a gripping movie.
 an almost cult classic
 western movie of bollywood.
 a morden masterpiece that no one is talking about !!!
 dark !! deep !! slow
 bold
 in this cycle of life and death, redemption and following your karma our ultimate goal
 i wanted this to be a 10/10, still a great movie
 class
 a great ,raw and purely indian story is told in the best way possible
 beri beimaan, baaghi saavdhaan..🔫🔫
 total entertainer, must-see film.
 not for faint hearted
 if red dead redemption 2 was to ever have a bollywood version...
 raw, rustic,poignant & deeply haunting
 best of sushant, abhishek chaubey and this year, so far...
 a movie to stay with you for long
 a cult movie
 fantastic movie,
 a bollywood film like no other...
 revisionist western about the dacoits as it always should have been
 brilliant movie for experienced viewers
 a cinematic triumph !
 outstanding portrayal of a not so easy message.
 made me wish i knew bundeli
 amazing performance by stellar starcast
 amazing combination of story and directions
 masterpiece
 sonchiriya it is a geathering of talented actor
 a perfect movie...
 impressive
 cracker of a mocie not to be missed
 as emotional as it can come
 seeking deliverance in the rugged ravines. it has shades of outlaw josey wales n the twist towards the end is harrowing like the one from incendies.
 incredible filmmaking. raw and original.
 awesome cast, superb movie
 a crisp karmic lesson through the rustic ghats of chambal as the narrative hooks you through a peach of cinematography
 sushant singh rajput is a awsome actor.. acting skill is so high..
 best ! it will be called classic of our times.
 a near perfect masterpiece
 amazing
 finest movie of bollywood.
 bandits life.
 powerful
 dark and deep.
 it makes you feel. it's not just a movie, it's philosophy and art in motion.
 best acting by sushant
 amazing work
 riveting and gripping
 india is capable of delivering master piece
 amazing.
 must watch, high time we start appreciating good cinema
 please submit for oscar's
 a quentin tarantino type movie
 stunning film sonchiriya. sensitively made full of emotional sentiments , very touching
 indian audience is still not ready for this masterpiece
 now this ic called a real peace of cinema
 awesome movie .
