 an ambitious movie that worth a watch
 perhaps great for indian filmography, but otherwise an average b movie
 tumbbad has some very creative visuals and some of the best unintentional comedy i've seen in a long time.
 good direction, good cinematography but poor story.
 ok movie, not horror
 adjust your expectations
 a bollywood horror movie with substance
 good
 atmospheric, spooky!
 great plot & great story telling
 one of the best bollywood film of the year.
 good movie, great story & production values, nice touch of suspense, mystery & horror
 awesome, one of the best movies ever made in india
 what a class!!
 what about greed?
 must not overlook this one
 wow !
 truly original and a fascinating treat for the eyes
 good, but overrated here.
 watch it
 red mummies didn't scare me
 glorious direction.
 the bright line is "greed" and the dark line is "deception".
 bollywood completely over looked this amazing film
 end part
 8.4 !! overrated!!!
 a major and very important part of the plot is missing, vfx at some points should have been better.
 little boring but ok
 beyond expectation
 absolutely flawless
 dark and deep 👍
 one of the original best since long.
 morality hidden by excellent execution
 molecule review: tumbbad (8 stars)
 bollywood is trying
 one of the best hystorical drama
 world never seen
 better but not best
 an original mythological thriller which could have unfolded a little faster
 suspense thriller with a cape of horror
 apostle
 interesting thriller story
 very good!
 thumb's up for story and cinematography
 the perfect realistic fantasy movie.
 that's how you make a horror film.
 great atmospheric horror
 not a horror movie
 original and honest
 worth watching
 definitely a revolution
 a tale told wonderfully!!!
 tumbbad is taking on roller coaster ride of horror, mythology & fantasy.
 definitely original a masterpiece
 the constant rain, vivid local landscapes, unique storyline n the ending man. if only the subject of true horror 'sati' was explored more.
 not really bollywood
 tumbbad - breaking the mold of indian cinema
 isko nahi dekha toh kya dekha?!
 best indian horror film
 superb movie!!
 must watch in theater
 a must watch
 captivating. excellent from bollywood standards.
 a well crafted movie!
 mythology based, one of its kind cinema
 you don't know what you missing
 depicting fear
 an original premise shot beautifully.
 enjoyed every minutes
 the most beautiful mysterious horror flick ever made in indian cinema..
 how greed works.
 breathtaking, i am thrilled
 a grandmother story
 best horror/thriller indiemovie till date
 best indian horror flick
 a masterpiece by bollywood.
 exceptional story + execution (compared to current film industry)
 its a journey
 a movie we needed, but we don't deserve.
 making indian film proud.
 a must watch in theatres
 hollywood may take lessons from this indian flick
 best bollywood movie ever.
 one of its kind
 its different
 watch in theatre
 tumbbad is an experience
 this movie is amazing
 bollywood, please make movies like this.
 masterpiece
 spine chiller
 amazing movie
 best horor movie ever.
 original and awesome
 authentic story with dark & original treatment
 oh my god. is this an indian movie?
 a bollywood movie which if not beaten at least matches hollywood standards , just amazing ...go for it
 a movie that deserves much more at the box office
 a gem which never came or might never come in bollywood
 must watch masterpiece
 amazing performance and direction
 world needs more like this.
 the best story oriented horror movie i watched till date.
