 another decent recommendation from netflix.
 decent bollywood supernatural thriller.
 an interesting take !!!
 nice flick but not that much scary.
 neatly done, low budget movie!
 decent film, well directed.
 good performances - okay movie
 entertaining thriller !!!
 overall it's a nice one!!
 the idea of the movie is good.
 not bad for a low budget horror film.
 interesting movie !!!
 i liked the casting choice.
 good mix of emotional drama and thrill.
 not the best in the horror genre, but not bad either.
 not that bad, one time watch for me.
 despite its moments of predictability, lupt is an entertaining movie.
 good watch for me during covid-19.
 lupt !!! surprisingly liked by my family.
 there's great promise in lupt.
 average script but good direction.
 ups and downs
 a slow going but interesting
 not very scary but i liked the idea behind it. enjoyed this a fair amount.
 not bad
 more a psychological drama than a traditional horror movie.
 well i was pleasantly surprised with lupt
 it's new and well directed film. but slow paced.
 nice movie and good directorial debut.
 suspense in this little horror movie that will keep you entertained.
 liked the film but it's not for typical horror fans.
 this movie is awesome in its own little way.
 it's psychological film with good performances.
 awesome movie.
 lupt surprised me ....simple but effective.
 liked it !!!
 a netflix suggestion that, surprisingly, didn't disappoint.
 decent movie
 i wouldn't call this movie scary, but it was very good.
 nothing very original, still an excellent film!
 simplistic and well-directed movie.
 one time watch
 definitely not at all what i expected but for what it is, it works for me. kept me entertained throughout the film.
 very smart and well written small budget movie.
 a genuine, new, non-stereotyped horror.
 lupt, well made but i found second half little slow in some parts.
 fear in the family - a fresh new take on the horror genre.
 simplistic and well-executed.
 well done film.
 simple entertaining thriller.
 slower paced movie, but liked the simple story which is well executed.
 brilliant low budget filmmaking.
 wonderful piece of horror, nice road based movie
 enjoyable movie !!!
 good direction and superb performances.
 nostalgia
 pretty good movie.
 tight little thriller.
 briiliant story
 loved every moment of lupt !!!
 prabhuraj shows everyone how to direct an effective horror movie.
 very well written and directed movie
 good movie. enjoyed !!!
 very good content driven horror movie
 enjoyed
 excellent atmosphere, frightening scares and a good story.
 lupt is a family horror with emotional story and yes scary as well.
 its different than the rest.
 nice movie with a great plot. and scary as well
 predictable but enjoyable
 good movie with interesting story line.
 i love concept driven movies like this.
 here is something different for horror.
 well made clean horror movie.
 good film
 a good horror watch
 i was pleasantly shocked to see horror film with strong message
 wonderful movie and good storyline
 excellent and outstanding film
 better than the worst
 the underdog.
 best horror movie in 2018
 interesting story with satisfying climax
 my favourite horror movie.
 lupt - very well directed film
 very terrific and interesting plot..
 what an amazing movie!
 enjoyed watching decent horror movie with good storyline.
 great watch!
 nail bitting horror
 a genuine attempt.
 wowwwww
 karaan aanand (himesh) hottest look
