 only if the script could have been tighter....
 boring 1st half 🙄 a bad version of 'raazi'
 lacks thrill...
 a grand salute to unknown hardcore patriots
 all john, but no john here
 they should've gone with a more tighter script.
 after a slow start, movie picks up
 great projection wth bad exicution.
 good but could have been better
 romeo akbar walter (raw) ----- hell hath no fury as a raw agent scorned
 very good slow-burn.
 could be little better
 kept me going
 frankly, better than an overrated raazi
 good movie
 jocker played by ja
 not bad quite entertaining
 raw is added another feather to cap for john abraham after rocky handsome and parmanu
 a simple yet intense spy movie!
 be patient with this film as the ending will make you feel that it is worth it.
 a good film which could have been better
 good film
 definitely a good watch
 excellent movie
 nice ,decent, patriotic novie
 the movie is a brave attempt, watch for the stunning climax
 yet another strong performance by john abraham
 john abraham
 not your typical bollywood movie
 ignore the negative reviews! amazing spy movie!
 a must watch. could have rated 9.
 thriller
 based on false facts
 a tough and gripping tale of espionage
 good movie!
 really good movie! can't understand why the negativity
 romeo to akbar to walter
 it was the motherland, which was his own mother. masterclass
 a movie which ignites the internal patriot
 too much promotion of islam rather than the event? anyway its a good movie
 plays to it's strength
 a must watch underrated movie
 watch the movie and judge for yourself
 don't listen to the biased negative reviews....watch this awesome espionage thriller and judge yourself!
 good movie don't believe the biased critics.
 one of the best watch of 2019 so far
 crisp, breathtaking must watch
 great to see john abraham come up with another great movie.
 best thriller experience
 a must watch master piece
 raw>raazi
 i regret now watching it until now
 a good one time watch
 tense thriller based on true facts
 best spy thriller of bollywood
 masterpiece!
 one mistake of producers
 decent and realistic storytelling
 one mistake of producers
 awesome watch
 don't go by the rating. this is a gem
 entertaining spy thriller - john abraham is amazing!
 must watch
 nice thriller
 message for hindustani muslims! 🇮🇳
 not comparing & no offence but a much better movie than uri
 its a fantastic patriotic movie with great screenplay and cinematography
 must watch
 very intelligent movie awesome ending
 a must watch film for all age groups!
 honest review from me as a common man
 don't go by negative reviews. this film is a gem
 a must watch
 must watch for all age groups!
 great movie.
 must watch for all!!
 more realistic than raazi
 a great movie
 worth watching !!!
 what a movie .....we really don't rate our good movies
 a great movie
 out of the ordinary yet defining the all odds of one's perspective.
 a must watch for all age groups!
 salute to the whole team.
 must watch
 awesome story line with unexpected twists and turns
 superb movie
 a hidden gem
 interesting.
 awesome movie, must watch.
 awesome movie
 brilliant plot. thrilling movie.
 i solute sri ravindra kaushik ji and all intelligence officer of india, also don't believe in critics reviews
