 one of anurag's most abstract films
 sorry didn't get your point
 no smoking is a maze
 vivid. unreal. stunning. abstract art at its best.
 a tribute to abstract cinema
 no conforming
 unconventional & rustic! 74%
 please watch it !!!
 bravo!
 very dark, but subtle....
 itzz different
 brilliant, daring, unconventional...
 lynchish puzzle on bollywood screen
 say no to smoking...not to the film..
 pure movie comes with the kick
 it was ahead of time
 smokingly surreal and amazingly bizarre..!
 creativity at its best
 brilliantly shot and well told story
 what the fcuk??
 don't start smoking if you have not or have stopped
 awesome compilation of random thoughts in the subconscious
 unbelievable, classy, abstract
 wanna think deep, just watch it than!
 mind - boggling
 outstanding script, exhilarating narration, metaphorical melodrama, commendable direction and such a masterpiece of the decade
 it's like memento
 did not expect this..
 a state of mind, rather than a film on it's own
 it is outstanding and mind blowing movie by anurag sir
 beware!
 bollywood gone surreal
 terribly underrated, not meant for average indian movie goer.
 brilliantly crafted piece of art...!
 unthinkable, shocking but brilliant
 amazing flick!
 the best tribute to franz kafka
 no smoking - welcome to new age cinema of beauty and class
 ahead atleast 50 years of its actual time of release
 crazily abstract.. unbelievably brilliant
 simply amazing
 the best hindi movie ever
 underrated gem
 a brave film from a brave filmmaker
 stephen king met david lynch inside the head of anurag kashyap...
 all the makings of a bollywood cult movie !
 outstanding work by anurag kashyap
 subconcious mind on silver screen....hats off to the anurag kashyap
 anurag kashyap minus the propaganda
 genius anurag kashyap minus propaganda
 a rare gem - just too brilliant
 a masterpiece film with great message & story
 all time classic cult from anurag
 lights up in the end
 awesome
 best bollywood movie ever
 watched 7 times... planning to watch again as soon as possible...
 excellent movie..a must must watch
