 john abraham playing at his best.......
 rocky is handsome
 rocky handsome review
 copy of korean movie
 "the lead failed to hold breath of audiences"
 nice
 action worked.
 amazing action sequences. happy to see bollywood action taking good shape finally....
 for the director/writer. to john abraham.
 "rocky handsome" is a treat for action film lovers. well executed action sequences and death-defying stunts will keep you engaged.
 best action film yet. and it has a special story to it too. highly recommended.
 best fight action scenes
 great movie better than the original man from no where
 deadly brutal and gross! a decent john abraham movie
 nice attempt having amazing action sequences
 energetic john, soulless emotions.-- by maharishi verma
 its all about john abraham and his blazing action with a hint of emotions.story needed work.
 dark, brutal, revengeful
 this film is an inferior remake of a blockbuster cult action-thriller the man from nowhere(2010)
 it's an official adaption of tmfnw. original is better.
 it's easy calling it indian "john wick" , but try it for what it is...
 interesting story
 outstanding action pack
 even though it's copied it's still worth watching
 great action movie!
 most underrated indian action movie-must watch for action lovers
 a pure masala flick
 for pure action-lovers..
 rocky handsome is a worth watching remake
 one of the best action movies ever !!!
 rocky handsome : most handsome action film ever!
 this movie made me fan of john abraham .... what a acting ... made me speechless
 deadly and brutal actions of john in john wick style never seen before
 one of the best intense dark action movie.
 pure action
 best movie according to me in action terms.
 best ever movie after rockstar
 the best action movie to come out of india in decades
 rocky is truly handsome!!!
 one of the most underrated action movie
 one of the best action entertainment movie of bollywood in this decade
 rocky handsome
 it is very good this movie...he is helping his daughter
 best action movie
 only john abraham can do
 amazing
