 i want to take this opportunity to thank amazon for the cashback on the ticket.
 hilarious take on homosexuality with humour !
 a missed opportunity.
 opportunity wasted!
 rib-tickling
 not as expected...!!
 good cast, strong topic, wrong flow
 good, but could've been much better
 ayushman's highly formulaic social-comedies becoming stale
 expected more from the movie
 clapperboard review
 just a ok movie with great comedy
 shubh mangal zyada saavdhan
 average
 opportunity wasted. one time watch for ayushman fans, others can wait for ott release.
 good concept but below average story.
 can't justify
 bold but good.
 short one time watch ..
 not as expected
 funny movie
 with a message movie is good. - itsbymayank
 another winner from badhaai ho (plus) cast.
 an important movie for our time
 good joint family system drama
 an ok ok movie.
 a big step for bollywood
 groundbreaking movie with a few hiccups
 i am going with 7 out of 10
 out of box direction, acting and comedy.
 sensitive issue represented very intelligently
 brilliant sequel with different flavor of same sex marriage.
 taboo concept !!
 not an award winning film but entertaining
 shubh mangal zyada saavdhan : 7/10
 good movie based on homosexuality
 jitendra kumar won hearts
 great bollywood movie
 entertaining & light hearted with a good concept
 over the top
 7 for content, +1 for being a conversation starter
 jeetu bhaiya rocks !!
 must watch
 khurana hit factory!
 microsystem makes mesosystem and then exo and macrosystem. so, what favors the individual family is most likely the right instinct
 bollywood is growing day by day
 one time watch
 shubh mangal zyada saavdhan review by nitin sisode a fun watch
 start of a new genre in bollywood
 very nice film.
 watch it for ayushman and nina gupta
 they take you where no man has taken you before (in bollywood films)
 plotline a bit over the place. but ayushman khurana never disappoints. hilarious af.
 praise-worthy effort
 humorous yet sensitive, a total joy ride, with a great message!
 ayushman is a miracle....
 must watch
 nice concept to act with
 a full entertainment package- worth every penny
 ayushmann's magic is ruling
 wooowwwwww
 it show case about love with same gender
 love story in changing times
 ayushman khurana and his charm
 top of the tier entertainer, that delivers the core message fluently!
 full pack entertainment
 bollywodd heading in the right direction.. jitendra kumar overshadowing ayushmann..
 such an entertainer!
 again a awesome movie selection by ayushman
 ayushmann genre of movie
 great and brave
 amazing performance by ayushman as always
 must watch
 awesome movie shubh mangal zyada savdhaan
 amazingly made movie!
 great movie on a great theme
 ayushman is ruling bollywood
 loved it
 great movie and full of comedy.
 ayushmann khurrana and jitendra kumar on top
 fantastic...
 perfect movie
 #jitushmann fully entertaining movie with a great message
 amazing movie ever made on true love
 path breaking mainstream commercial bollywood film, which very sensibly talks about homosexuality
 entertainaing and paisa wasool
 extremely good
 full entertainment
 my favourite film
 funny yet practical
 ayushmann khurana and jeetu nailed it!
 my best experiment asian film
 a must watch with subtitles
 hilarious take on homophobia. (actual rating is 7 but i'm generous with a 10)
 comedy next level
 awesome movie. must watch.
