 it is not right to mix personal life and professional life together(6*by debojyoti )
 a fabulous vidya balan / 6 stars
 well portrayed life of an super intelligent yet narcissist who tried to have it all.
 less as biopic, more as entertainment.
 an incredible story dumbed down to an average film
 overacting by vidya balan
 shakuntala devi and lootcase movie review (2020) - movie streaming on amazon prime video & disney hotstar respectively
 average
 average and one time watch movie
 i'll say - it's a good movie not great. - itsbymayank review of shakuntala devi
 could have been way better!
 shakuntala devi
 subjection of women
 could've been better
 salute for an indian proud
 i thought this was a biopic
 expectations let me down
 vidya, you have nailed it! ,vidya kasam...
 uninspired biopic that fails to engage
 expectation let me down....................!!!
 poor writing let's down the actor's preformances
 is that movie ? or slideshow or something ?
 only, and only for vidya balan
 a mother-daughtet story packaged as a biopic of a great mathematician
 mothers and daughters
 a highly loud and dramatic take on the life of an extraordinary woman.
 shakuntala devi was flawed but filled with brilliance of vidya balan.
 disliked such script even if everything fell in place at end.
 got to know the shakuntala devi other than as a mathematician
 great acting
 mothers and daughters - emotional drama
 well made, but disservice to a legend
 phenomenal acting
 mathemagic woman charms the world but not her family
 calculated risk!
 pure vidya balan show.
 refreshing
 ok movie
 biopic that not only concentrate about the success of successful woman but other side of.herife.too
 all fare...
 over the top acting and mediocre
 good but...!!!
 well made biography
 all about vidya balan..!! one time watch
 below average movie
 great family movie, vidya rocks!
 it's not all about maths
 fictional story on a real charecter
 not as bad as mission mangal
 ingenious
 vidya shines in this not so perfect film!!!!
 an intro course to human relationships and their correlation with the human aspirations and ambitions
 those giving this movie low ratings because of 'bollywood masala' probably don't know what shakuntala devi was like in real life
 its a good movie.
 amazing acting and a good movie
 nice, simple and sweet
 great
 fascinating drama
 math magic...
 good movie
 loved watching this movie
 a very entertaining but loose biopic of an icon
 just cracked it!
 a good attempt!!
 a good biopic
 words are not enough to express the unconditional love that exists between a mother and a daughter!
 watch it! so what if it's drama.
 entertaining and a good mother-daughter story
 vidhya balan is not biopic types
 good movie
 vidya kasam..........
 surely worth watching
 much better than rest of bollywood movies
 the journey of enthusiasm to the emotions.
 "has a different perspective"
 india is known for some of the best known stars.
 more than a biopic
 shakuntala devi movie review
 a tribute to the gem of india.
 all stars for vidya
 ignore the reviews and watch the film.
 low rating due to wrong expectation
 wholesome entertainment
 must watch movie
 great story
 great second half hold it beyond first half
 worth the watch! the human side of the computer
 one of the best biopics
 a fabulous movie
 a truly inspiring movie!
 too many at a short time
 a love-hate relation between mum and daughter..!
 outstanding movie... must watch...
 the human side of genius
 fabulous
 don't understand the negative reviews at all
 i loved this movie no matrer what the ratings are
 emotional movie portraying a professional lady's different phases of life from being a daughter to mother to grandma
 a must watch!!
 really nice movie about the real life of the math genius
 shakuntala's maths and vidya's acting 😍!!
 beautiful movie.
 excellent movie
 a must watch for all kids
 amazing movie feels so real
 must watch
 shakuntala devi from eyes of her daughter
 one of the best biographical film.
 it's definitely not a biopic but a lesson to learn
 amazing
 must watch
 very nice movie
 my thoughts on the movie
 brilliant
 amazing film
 could not have done a better job.
 based on strong woman's life. 10/10
 a wonderfully captured human story of the legend
 excellent and independent movies
 what an amazing movie!!
 beautiful movie, must watch
 beautiful, awesome .. one of the best
 know yourself as an individual first..
 again history repeated
