 the movie is formulated so as to put stress on revenge factor more than the mom factor. it has a very average storyline with just a decent acting and direction
 mom is atrocious and for the most part a horrifying yet riveting film!
 watch it for nawaz and sridevi
 mom gets 10 writers get 4 = 6
 sridevi is very good mom .
 sridevi's film all the way
 what an actor - nawazuddin siddiqui !
 in fond memory of sridevi, a powerhouse actress in her screen farewell
 good movie in a time where bollywood movies are like a blinking tubelight
 totally predictable and nothing much to write about.
 mom - a film for youth and parents!
 sri devi steals the spotlight as mom
 worth watching...but definitely not a thriller!!!
 better than i expected
 a must see !
 mom (2017)
 an emotional family thriller.....
 sri devi all the way
 mom is not a word its an emotion best of 2017
 sridevi returns with a powerful, devastating performance
 a good movie
 the revenge theme is becoming repetitive but mom shouldn't is one of the better ones
 what would you do?
 mom review
 very good movie that showcases the lengths parents go for their kids
 good story and strong acting lifts the movie
 a must watch for movie for generations.
 powerful performances make this a good watch
 it's best revenge movie
 investigation over it
 incredible story of seeking justice
 nice and simple film.
 brilliant
 sridevi
 an enticing table of courage, fearlessness and love
 very good movie
 a daughter is raped. the perpetrators are out in the open but the law fails to punish them. hence a mother decides to take things into her own hands
 gripping and very watchable
 excellent movie. must watch.
 sridevi continues to outdo herself
 "revenge" by mom - not your typical hyper exaggerated acting movie from india
 a good watch to quench your detective pangs
 excellent bollywood thriller
 one of the most riveting and gritty revenge movies in bollywood...
 a must watch movie
 mom isnt a movie. its an experience
 mom's the word for sridevi in this family thriller!
 sridevi ,nawazuddin & sajal ali come with stellar performance
 awesome movie
 fantastic tale of justice delayed = justice denied
 intelligent. intense. incredible
 sridevi : queen of acting
 exceptional siridevi
 excellent movie!
 a very poignant film
 nawazuddin
 mom... a spiritual concept
 phenomenal
 sri devi's acting and nawazuddin siddiqui's acting + the plot
 such a fabulous story
 awesome
 i worked in
 after long time, some good movie
 simply outstanding
 a cinematic masterpiece
 best movie ever
 best of 2017 so far....one of bollywood's best thrillers ever...sridevi towers and how!!!
