 ordinary movie
 excellent film based on real life events that teaches us the strength of being united
 good, but......
 could have been much much better
 thought provoking effort
 justice was denied, justice shall prevail
 brilliant effort; vidya deserves a standing ovation.
 a good way to start the year
 an educating entertainer , sometimes over-dramatic...
 stick to the theme, nice music, strong performances
 excellent editing, good watch
 justice isn't denied, but delayed!
 a good attempt, albeit slightly overdramatic
 good story powered by mind blowing performances.......
 good movie
 an appreciable must watch start of 2011 breaking the first week jinx of bollywood.
 no one killed jessica - a nice view on india's legal system
 bringing justice to jessica....
 money doesn't always stay, power doesn't always last. justice isn't always denied, although is delayed.
 you don't mess with jessica
 voila! witness the brutal murder on screen!
 my review: jessica lives forever!!
 certainly under-rated!!sharp and edgy interpretation of the events.
 bold & provoking . . .
 gripping, audacious and stirring rendition of reality
 an indictment of the indian judiciary process
 a perfect example of good cinema
 exposé of the judicial system and the influence of power and media.
 brilliant film with brilliant performances
 nice film after a long time...
 hard hitting and inspiring!!
 "no" one kills the average citizen.we just get killed out of nowhere.
 a must watch
 how an open-and-shut case resulted in an acquittal...and sparked national outrage.
 real yet entertaining ...
 worth every penny of your ticket
 well paced well performed movie
 a drama
 must watch movie.....
 excellent despite schmaltzy ending
 how fortunate to start off 2011 with such a terrific film...
 absolutely fantastic and moving!
 just excellent
 fantastic movie
 we're starting to expect this from vidya balan. rani mukherjee is very good too.
 reviving memories
 decent flick, should watch
 steller performance
 wake up call
