 sarkar attempts to make a taut thriller tackling a serious social issue but it just remains an attempt with a pretty routine second half.
 fits bollywood.
 good, but clearly no sarfarosh!
 bollywood "heroes" can learn from the heroines
 mardaani review
 mardaani: a celebration of woman power
 engaging drama conveys an important message. ♦ 74%
 mardaani - rani pulls it perfectly
 an eye opener- a message conveyed brilliantly.
 an adequately watchable movie.....
 my review: the heroism of heroine!!
 good comeback of rani
 indian version of "taken"!!!!
 decent attempt about girl child safety.
 #norape
 my review
 mardaani (a) hindi ------------ my rating: ★★★½ valuable
 mardaani is no lady singham but beyond..
 rani mukherjee is mind blowing with her punches and fiery dialogues
 khoob ladi mardaani
 entertaining
 kick ass cop
 an earnest effort to make a meaningful entertainer.
 despite the flaws, it's an honest effort!
 a crisp entertainer
 good movie with a bad title.
 raw and ripe!
 superb movie for this generation
 a splendid film which brings you back to reality
 movie purposeful able to show us the issue and we feel thank you rani for this choice
 not ur regular bollywood trash, tight script, crispy editing n lots of tension n suspense.
 a crisp, intense crime-drama!
 a genius attempt!!
 serious movie without putting unnecessary songs!
 intense crime-drama with screenplay that falls in place!
 rani convincingly pulls off a neeson, sarkar pulls off a great film
 mardaani deserves a watch
 why we love classic bollywood
 a movie that must watch for girls
 power of wo(man)hood..and a lesson to all those abusers
 hats off to rani mukherjee!
 intriguing, disturbing.well depicted movie.
 a powerful film
 a rare realistic movie in indian commercial cinema
 realistic wonderful film with a strong impact!
 fabulous!
 proud to be a rani fan
 rani is totally a mass heroine
 topnotch performance by rani and splendid team mardaani
 zero masala! only emotion.
 a classic anecdote for what is happening today in the society
 hats off to this movie!
 a brilliant film.
 the real police officer better than chulbul pandey and bajirao singham
 good film
 villan character is crazy
 very very interesting movie till start to end
