 has both impressive as well as forcibly added content to make it more appealing and realistic.
 not good not bad.
 "a road trip gone wrong" genre could have been better ... anushka pulls it off well
 could have been so so much better
 the hype is unreal... i mean movie is not that special
 minor blemishes withstanding, nh10 is a riveting watch, a must watch at a time when women empowerment is needed in india
 brutal thriller powered by the amazing anushka sharma!
 below expeectation movie, only one time watch for the climax.
 an exciting thriller shouldered completely by anushka sharma
 tough enough!
 stunning and harrowing experience of urban fears......
 highway to hell
 a master attempt at crime-drama, yet falling short
 voilent,scary,brutal and engrossing
 nh10
 just see it for anushka sharmas performance !!!!
 anushka's first ever venture into production didn't fail to impress
 decent attempt at western-style revenge flick.
 surprisingly good movie
 nh 10 – film review – ego kills, hatred kills, revenge kills
 bollywood can do it too...!
 nh 10 generated lot of pain within me. when will we be able to enhance our tolerance to the diversity?
 doosron ke fade main tang mat adhao!
 a road-trip spirals out of control
 brutal reality on the highway
 tough and terrific
 fast-paced, real, scary and brutal; not for the faint-hearted
 nh10 is one of the most provocative and terrifying edge-of-seat thrillers of the year
 speechless !!!!!!!
 nice attempt, a female lead movie after a long time
 horrifyingly real
 really damn good movie...
 boring start, average overall, great ending
 intense and gripping throughout
 you don't want to miss this road trip
 on the edge of your seat type of movie
 great thriller with a important message
 definitely not meant for the typical b'wood audience
 nh10 leaves you at a loss of words
 finally !! a movie with social message
 intense and gripping
 a really good movie.
 9 stars for anushka's amazing performance
 not your normal thriller!
 a thriller which wants to make you jump up and down
 nh10 glues you to the seat
 amazing thriller which breaks the stereotypes of bollywood
 it's often terrifying on this highway, it's certainly not for the faint of heart, but you'll be glad you were there for the ride
 the type of story i wanted from ghajini
 sometimes you just do what you have to do...
 terrifying watch : don't miss it
 wow, so empowering!
 first time writing a review in imdb.
 great movie
 whatta movie.. one of the best from bollywood and hats off to anushka..
 please read my short review about this movie
 once of the best thrillers bollywood has ever made!
