 a political drama based in india
 shanghai(u/a)-------------rating: 3/5 good
 a fine political revealer but certainly not for the masses.
 a hard hitting take on politician-developer nexus!
 a one-time watch!
 give time for movie to pick up - brilliant second half
 courage goes all the way+every pause tells a story
 shanghai and z: remaking of a classic after 40 years !!!
 dibakar banerjee's shanghai is a crisp, take-no-prisoners drama about seeking justice in the complex landscape of the indian democracy.
 amazing thrille!
 faithfully done
 the reality with all it's harshness . .
 india shining....!!! :p
 a different piece of story telling....
 shanghai - dibakar does it again!
 must watch for fans of serious bollywood...
 go from the 1st word
 shanghai : bollywood too can produce sensible films !
 shanghai
 a challenging and rewarding film experience
 brilliant start to june
 shanghai is a raw meat marinated with slow poison.
 tarantino, step aside; we have db!
 a political thriller told in a simple earthy manner. chilling.
 engaging script, earnest performances and some hollywoodesque panache
 whose progress ? whose nation ?
 shanghai for bollywood too
 a level up : for bollywood and banerjee!
 it's a different film!!
 same old indian political thriller,presented in a very nice way.. definitely worth watching.
 a ruthless political pit
 cm of the state and local bureaucrats try desperately to make a slum into a high end business place like shanghai
 film making at its best !!
 a superlative who-done-it political drama which will keep you on the toes compiled with stupendous and brave performances by abhay deol and emraan hashmi
 amazing movie !!
 shanghai:a brilliant political thriller
 close to reality!!
 don't expect masses to like this art
 a truly well made film which belongs to the director !!
 decent follow up is with "z"
 it will compel you to question that where is our country heading all thanks to corrupt politicians but still bharat mata ki jai bolo.
 "great novel, great display."
 and yes... bollywood digs out gore reality
 this is india and how it works
 worth a watch
 enthralling....edge of the seat political thriller
 best of indian cinema portraying the worst of indian politics
 a high-quality story told in 100 odd minutes
 very well done dibakar banerjee
 relevant to the core
 how do u deny inherent darkness....
 one of the best bollywood movies seen
 insanely brilliant !!!!
 this is real life...it is not entertainment
 must watch movie
 best crime thriller made in indian cinema. period.
 a classic thriller with masterclass performances and thoroughly gripping story line. an a class movie score/ost.
 awesome experience
