 rajat kapoor's ankhon dekhi is another milestone in his journey.
 not much impressive as it could be, beware of pseudo-admirers of art cinema
 starts off well but drags later on.
 a hilarious look on the apathy of a lower middle class family.......
 a man introspects. ♦ 83%
 my silence burns holes of my heart and my words tears me apart
 he believes only what he sees with his own eyes and negate everything
 my review: watch it to believe it!!
 wonderful and deeply thoughtful
 must watch
 superb movie
 "seeing is believing"- a cinematic brilliance
 just watch it at the earliest & try to find your own precious 'satori' in its 2 meditative hours.
 sheer brilliance!
 a very fine experience
 one of the best film after a long time (excellent film making)
 aankho dekhi is to be experienced...
 a tight slap on high budget sleazy movies..
 should be mandatory viewing for anyone interested in hindi movies
 this review is for everyone who didn't like the movie...
 it's a brilliant piece of work....
 in short, great!
 transforming into true self and finding the unknown factor
 beautifully depicted, realistically made and with great philosophy
 a mesmerizing experience
 must watch movie if you liked/know udan, stanley ka dabba, swadesh etc..
 rajat kapoor does the magic again
 one of the best bollywood movies
 one of the best movies in indian cinema
 one of the best indian movies: master work
 dekho phir vishwas karo!-
 thought provoking. incredibly executed.
 one of the best art film
 worth a watch
 true masterpiece
 thank you sanjay mishra
 a must watch
 easily one of the best i have ever watched, a movie that makes me proud of indian cinema
 brilliant and artistic in every sense!!!
 its my achievement to watch this kind of masterpiece.
 unconventional, whimsical yet unexceptional
 fascinatingly awesome
 master piece
 talent shines
 a serene movie.
 awesome film
 underrated gem
 one of the masterpiece.
 this is what indian cinema should've been!
 grounded and realistic.
 indian in essence
 mesmerizing ✨
 climax interpretation
 not a film which can can critic.
 a experience u have to do by yourself
 enlightening movie, a must must watch!!!!(except the masala movie loving people)
 simply awesome
 aankhon dekhi!!
 an honest film
 perfect movie
 wow true movie making
