 average movie with great climax
 an oversimplified and over saturated story-line
 i recommend the movie as one time watch because of its alien music, good portrayal of mohenjo daro city but warns not to expect much of story.
 a historical movie for kids
 not up to the mark.
 above average movie. not as bad as people are saying.
 immaculate production, hackneyed plot and average acting
 nice movie with old story line
 it's brilliant... go watch it..
 unbiased - overall a good enjoying experience. respect for great efforts..
 mohenjo daro is an above average historical fictional tale which appeals only in parts.
 mohenjo daro, if not highly recommendable, is a good film
 decent watch!
 mohenjo-daro : one of best bollywood piece built on an ancient theme
 great movie regardless of the length.
 not certainly the best out of gowariker
 good on eyes, yet fails to stir the mind
 remarkable, but still undiscovered
 an enchanting film
 good movie
 best performance of hrithik roshan so far .....
 they should make more of these.
 mohenjo daro is visually spectacular, packed with hrithik's powerful performance.
 mohenjodaro the story of real indian ancestors how they immigrated to ganga river from sindhu river
 a movie good enough to watch...
 a must watch movie
 a tale with a twist
 epic, outstanding & spectacular are the only words to describe this peace of art.
 great efforts behind..
 moreno daro rocks.
 just give a thot , had this movie made in hollywood it would be a blockbuster ... :)
 perfect movie.
 this is a great effort by ashutosh gowarikar and the artists of this movie. go and watch while you can in a movie hall. such movies are not made everyday
 mohenjo daro.....an spectacular extravaganza !!
 hrithik always the best and climax was excellent. movie a one time watch
 mohenjo daro review!! must watch movie of the year.
 nice decent movie.
 brilliant. ignore critics. do watch it!
 amazing direction and performances! a must watch.
 a must watch. these kind of movies come rarely in bollywood & should not b missed.
 a must watch film..!!!
 excellent! a must watch with repeat value!!
 wow... superb movie.. and an award winning performance by hrithik
 mohenjo daro.must watch movie who want to seen something visually special
 must watch, history recreates, unforgettable!!!
 great movie experience
 epic movie
 grand, ambitious and well made!
 mohenjo daro... fall in love with history!
 movie of year 2016
 hrithik has nailed it
 hrithik is my god
 superb movie !! must watch
 must watch..... mohenjo daro is all you need!
 best movie ever
 critics be damned..mohenjo daro is a masterpiece
 fantabulous art work by hrithik and ag!!
 brilliant movie , must watch
 highly underrated, its a must watch movie. if you liked bahubali it's a sure watch
