 good concept..bad impact.
 from a view of outsider of india
 finally a good epic movie
 disappointed
 good scenes, bad movie
 an honest review
 good movie with better climax
 only watch if you're proud of rani laxmi bai and kangana ranaut.
 kangna takes over the screen
 kangana is terrific, other characters' sketching should not have been understated.
 watchable once.
 the mardaani is not given her due credit!
 good only in parts
 i watch movies for entertainment purposes and not for patriotic purposes.
 women r far superior to men
 only if the money spent was well used : manikarnika
 incomplete attempt to portray a character with a cast that did no justice
 dont expect much
 a decently well made film
 good movie. one time watch.
 power packed performance
 kangana shines as manikarnika.
 great work of fiction.
 well made film with good performances
 the tale of manikarnika
 trailer was bad. movie is very good. watch for kangana
 great movie, it's a one time watch.
 a bit boring !!
 an above-average historical epic led by a strong kangana performance..
 entertaining and well made, however not without its flaws
 thrilling patriotic film - but with too much gory violence!
 kangana run-out
 handwork of kangana.
 good one time watch but missed the potential
 not accurate but strong acting
 kangana effortlessly brings manikarnika to life.
 a royal patriotic spectacular
 a message to current indian generation.
 a great historical start for kangana ranaut...
 winner
 don't miss it...must watch on the big screen
 best period drama from bollywood !
 kangana as 'manikarnika' ..simply 'nailed it'
 nice movie
 a film for people not for critics
 west has wonder woman, we have rani lakshmibaee..
 must watch movie
 finally queen of jhansi is on screens
 great performance by kangana
 a must watch film
 team kangana!
 must watch
 perfect biopic!
 please help
 queen of bollywood into queen of jhansi. only few instances of laxmibai portrayed. good action sequences.
 want more movie like this..
 a must watch. kangna ranaut have done a great job.
 inspirational movie. everyone must watch it.
 wow!! great movie..realistic sets..visuals
 great acting from kangana
 leave everything and watch manikarnika for electrifying performance by kangana ranaut !!!
 the next best after bahubali!
 jansi rani ki jai
 grt movie
 unbelievable! the movie manikarnika:
 kangana did excellent job
 why you must watch it
 must watch
 superb movie
 #mustwatchbiopic #ranilaxmibai
 a true brave-heart: queen of jhasi
 must watch my indian's
 feel the shakti onscreen!
 gr8 movie
 mind blowing
 amazing war sequence vfx & #kangana acting
 worth it
 indian direction rising...
 she pulls the whole movie on her shoulder with the amazing cast
 a brilliant lead, an inspiring epic
 better than sanjay leela bhansali
 mindblowing !
 bumper hit! very interesting story and acting
 best cinematic experience and must watch for every indian
 awesome, amazing!! 2019 starts with a magnum opus ....!!
 beautiful direction and equally beautiful acting by kangana ranaut.
 a must watch...
 what a movie ..hatsoff to kangna
 must watch for kangana's acting
 first half is slow but worth watching
 great warrior queen role played by great actor queen
 amazing acting by kangana
 wonderful historical blockbuster
 loved it !!
 heartfelt tribute to rani laxmi bai
 heartfelt tribute to rani lakshmi bai
 best period drama of all times
 one of the best movie of bollywood.
 good movie overall and excellent 2nd half
 what a spectacular performance by kangana
 kangana is a natural talent
 one of the best movies! at least for me :)
 main rahun ya na rahun, bharat yea rehna chahiye
 an out of the world performance by kangana, very well directed and written movie
 hail the queen
 perfect movie
