 insightful portrayal of immigrant life
 too many plot lines for just one movie
 good until kal penn showed up
 the namesake is a story that is more appealing as a novel as compared to the film
 for a select few only
 a story of the power of a name and of family; the immigrant experience; the search for love, context, and identity
 defining one's identity
 rich cultural film
 entertaining but still has some clichés
 displacement
 ashima's journey
 good book, good movie
 sharp character drama about inter-racial relations and families living in foreign locales which pieces together and works.
 thoughtful migratory odyssey
 really good but perhaps too much to pack into one film.
 moving and extremely well acted
 first half, ehhhh, second half excellent.
 to each his own
 mira nair interview
 kal penn no longer just orders cheeseburgers.
 admirable, but suffers the fate of book to screen translations
 a solid indie flick
 an enduring story of love, courage and struggles faced by american immigrants
 well done
 realistic saga of alienation and identity
 absorbing tale of culture and passion
 it's all in the name
 mira finally hits the jackpot
 an excellent drama
 mira nair's triumph
 what's in a name? everything
 one journey?
 the director succeeds in drawing empathy.
 very relatable
 the indian-american experience
 an absorbing story of two generations of a bengali family living in america.
 mesme_naired..:)
 family values and tradition
 a very touching movie
 we all came out of gogol's overcoat
 namesake (2006) mira nair - india & usa
 moving look at the immigrant experience
 a wonderful film!!!
 'we all come out of gogol's overcoat'
 wonderfully emotive movie
 touching and well acting
 moving and beautifully filmed
 a very well-shot, vibrant film that captures the nuances of bengali culture, as well as the loneliness universally felt by all persons.
 truly universal and cathartic adaptation of lahiri's time-spanning novel
 the immigrant experience made universal
 rich and warm and subtle film: a revelation
 mira nair at her best
 out from gogol's overcoatthe namesake
 a glimpse into another culture
 great actors, plot line, film-making, everything!
 one-line review: the namesake / pure gold drama with an indian touch / 9 stars
 irrfan is fabulous
 a must watch for all - abcd or not
 great movie for 2nd generation bengali's
 subtle rendition of emotions
 mira nair is back again... with a stellar cast, and a heartfelt story!
 life interruptus
 poetic yet very real!!
 mira nair scores again: possible spoilers
 very subtle
 beautiful, sensitive film adaptation - award material?
 language and geography!
 divided lives beautifully observed
 a nutshell review: the namesake
 best movie so far in 2007
 entertaining and universal
 review on namesake
 informative, emotional, and very well structured...
 mira nair creates another film from the heart
 it is a masterpiece that only mira nair could pull off!
 good movie for me...but for joe moviegoer? not so sure.
 what a wonderful film!
 amazing...
 "go see the world" & learn to find your "namesake"
 nair's valentine to the inidan/american experience; exquisitely acted -one of the year's best
 wonderful story for any and every culture
 vibrant, touching, and meaningful
 touching and lovely film about family and love.
 sometimes universal themes work wonders
