 with some earnest performances, the film fails on the emotional level and is repeatedly all inspired stuff from bhansali, nothing original.
 another over hyped eye candy of sanjay leela bansali
 not slb's best, best worth a watch
 magician's last act
 a decent flick...
 could have been made better..
 slb magic didn't work this time
 a request for a one-way ticket
 a different flavour
 watch for the mesmerizing magic and lush cinematography, but then watch "mar adentro" (2004) for the acting and story.
 high pitches melodramatic saga that is hard to forget
 a film that showed sparks of brilliance but couldn't achieve greatness...
 guzaarish review
 guzarish : ...from the painter of bollywood
 guzaarish search for mercy killing
 instant classic
 very well depicted pain and an excellent blend of humor to neutralize the extremeness of the issue for the audience,
 a very different movie, heart wrenching story. a good watch.
 beautiful movie
 beautiful movie
 a true masterpiece...
 predictable yet engaging and adorable
 a beautiful painting by sanjay laila bansali
 one of sanjay leela's best works
 everyone must watch this film once....it's my guzaarish!
 great
 an excellent movie, after a long time! sanjay leela bhansali has come back to form!
 lovely movie.
 bas itni si guzaarish hai to mr. bhanshali to continue making such movies !!!
 more than entertainment
 guzarish - apt and solid.
 this movie is art.
 watch it to admire film craft
 one of the best films of sanjay leela bansali , after black.................
 guzarish movie : worth watching for hrithik and aish performance movie
 great movie !
 too good
 so why did india made this film "a flop"?
 one of the best movie seen in my entire life.
 a terrific watch
 brilliant piece of work in bollywood 2010
 excellent!!!
 after disappointing with "saawariya", sanjay leela bhansali comes back with a masterpiece
 classic movie fit for oscar
 a nutshell review: guzaarish
 absolute must see film -- 'come fall back in love with life'
 take a bow mr.bhansali, this is your jewel crown
 guzarish is a amazing piece of work by sanjay leela bhansali
 guzaarish -- class apart
 wonderful film with stunning performance by hrithik n others!! two thumbs up!
 stunning performances by hrithik and aishwarya
 how come this movie be a flop? people do need some brain now a days i guess!!
 all time classic
 its just wow!!! and a must watch for mature guys...
 one of the best movie made in indian cinema... hrithik is beyond outstanding.
 very emotional , hrithik really proved .
 one of the best movie of decade
 some critics, i say...
 so far this is the best bollywood movie of 2010
 watch it! beautiful performances for a beautiful film
 one word....magical!!!
 sanjay has given a new direction to bollywood cinema.
 a guzaarish... for an understanding.
 best movie of the year..hritik has outdone himself
 guzaarish
 how to live life with dignity and happiness is what it all teaches
 another magic of the great bhansali
 guzaarish-life is wonderful :)
 hrithik best movie so far
