 this ramleela has nothing new to offer
 nice but not worth a watch in big screen
 typically over the top bhansali...but fantastic chemistry
 my review: bhansali's cocktail of guns and love is overdone!!
 blink and miss this...or do you?
 lack of chemistry
 hyper-sexual romeo and juliet on steroids & viagra for sure
 (something) short of an extravaganza. ♦ 64%
 a confuse review with a confused mind of a confusing movie.
 not a bad watch if you suspend disbelief
 ram-leela
 an amazing performance by ranveer singh and deepika padukone
 fierce, effective, tapping yet erratic is what ram leela is all about.
 there is a difference between theater and movie package
 beautiful romeo - juliet saga..!
 not bad!
 simply amazing...
 beautiful cinematography
 romeo and juliet - with some brilliant performances and visuals but not a logical story line
 badla,pyar,aur bahut saura rang
 this good movie missed a "wow" factor.
 average story but good acting gets it through
 the making of ranveer singh!!!
 romeo and juliet + ishaqzaade
 ram-leela : a half-baked effort.
 goliyon ki raasleela ram-leela (u/a) hindi --------- my rating : ★★★½ colorful entertainer
 mesmerising cinematography and good acting
 tarantino meets bhansali meets shakespere
 a gem of indian cinema
 a well-made and well-performed adaptation of "romeo and juliet"
 a visual and aural feast for the eyes
 great !
 dialogues are really good
 great movie
 an excruciating experience
 if you love beautiful sets,sanjay's movies and some performance oriented movies,watch it
 film with a good message but poorly delivered, preferable but not lovable
 bhansali's another self-obsessed film, which is visually stunning with few notable performances but how many times i am supposed to watch the same story again & again.
 great movie
 worth watching movie...!
 you will love it if you don't take it too seriously or a literal version of r&j
 sanjay leela bansali at his best... great work.
 movie not to miss.....
 a fantastic film!
 goliyon ki rasleela-ramleela
 very good cinema...
 intense film
 when it's bhansali, you're bound to have a masterpiece
 i like all the colors and extras
 a grand entertainer
 ram leela aka romeo and juliet
 a visually sumptuous treat with raunchy dialogues yet commendable acting...!
 really really liked this
 pure brilliance from bhansali.. go and watch it now
 excellent adaptation of the classic romeo and juliet story!
 absolutely spellbinding and a beautiful film from sanjay leela bhansali!!!
 an exceptional piece of art
 great entertainment with great art,music,acting,direction....
 4.5/ 5*
 try to watch in theaters.....
 best movie for ranveer
 brilliant
 ram leela
 ram-leela is an indian romeo-juliet with love-romance-violence...bhansali is indian shakespeare
 beautiful movie
 flamboyance, gusto and great energy, this film is intrinsically electrifying.
 slb - the perfectionist delivers yet again....!
 good
 it is really good movie to watch
