 nice, romantic entertainer!
 over-hyped movie...nothing special
 distantly entertaining
 a boy a girl and love
 energetic, youthful same old 'fresh' formula, who cares, urban india would love them
 good timepass
 good movie but not great
 fresh cast, stale story
 lovely romantic flick to watch with someone you love.......
 delightful and entertaining!
 stupid silly movie
 a typical naseer hussain movie
 sweet; despite amateur direction, jaane tu is still fresh and likable!
 paisa vasool!
 makes you feel good
 so fresh despite the cliché
 nice, refreshing and delightful
 something fresh at last
 jaanu main ya jaanu na,,,,,
 the date movie
 just about alright
 jaane tu... young, restless and rock solid!
 jaane tu ya jaane na....... reinvigorating bollywood.
 riding high with imran khan!!!!!
 aamir khan lives up to the expectations
 nostalgic... common but unique!
 superb overall
 it makes you feel light and feathery.
 a refreshing,subtle and youthful take on love.....
 going from best friends to lovers...and it's very sweet.
 a memorably refreshing film
 a good romantic comedy and one of the season's better films!
 funny and refreshing!
 a light crisp film, perfect after a hard days work!
 jane tu an awesome flick
 a hilarious, entertaining and feel good film
 well crafted with scintillating soundtrack
 a fresh film that you could even smell it!!!!!!!!!!
 fresh, fun & filmi
 feel good - all the way
 spectacular
 mein bhi jaanu tu bhi jaane
 reminds me of dil chahta hai....
 smart film-making!
 bollywood bombshell
 simple story different approach!
 who said the age old pharmoolah don't work no more
 truly a fresh perspective to a indian cinema!!!
 first class rom-com movie
 romcom done well
 two best friends and their quest for love which might be closer than they think
 jaane tu..stands out to be one most refreshing movie ever
 the new era of bollywood, fresh from the tree
 wow!!....thts quite refreshing....aamir did it again...
 sure to stay as one among the best of love stories..
 very highly recommended !!
 a must watch!!!
 amazing!!!
 amir's midas touch
 loved it!!!!!
 jaane tu ya jaanu mein-the movie rocks
 excellent from start to finish
 loved it loved it loved it
 watch this film for inspiration
 a very good entertainer from "mr perfectionist"
 excellence in motion
 delightful watch!
