 a kick to your senses
 salman khan's best work since dabnagg
 below average film of salman khan
 a kick to your senses
 its all about salman khan and entertainment !!!!!
 a typical salman entertainer !!
 some heart, little soul and no mind
 movie dil me aati hai ~ par samajh me nahi
 was okay to watch....a good time-pass... :)
 expect a low-on-script, awesome-on-entertainment piece
 mindless fun!!
 mr copier
 despite its shortcomings, this is one of the better films of salman which might remind you of finding your own kick in life before its all over.
 watch it at least once....
 worth for one time watch
 bhai rocks; so does the movie
 a salman khan show all the way!
 yes it has logical faults but its entertaining
 kick delivers what it promises - entertainment. salman rocks once again !!!
 amazing movie
 bpd
 only salman can make such a slapstick movie watchable
 best action thriller
 kick, worth watching once only
 this kick does click!
 high-octane action, sizziling romance, good comedy this has all the ingredient that a commercial movie need
 kick-slow in the beginning, steady before the intermission, but entertaining overall!
 kick: a glossy salman masala fare
 slightly different than the usual romantic action movies...
 review of kick
 an entertaining kick!! go for it !!!
 a paisa wasool entartainer...
 kick (u/a) hindi ---------- my rating : ★★★½ gripping second half
 dhoom:4 with salman khan
 complete entertainer
 a decent movie inspired from salman's charity work!
 love you salman bhai
 get kicked!!!!!!!
 enjoyable entertainer - particularly if you are a salman khan fan
 salman khan...a fantastic social message...and a load of masala!
 it's pretty good, i wouldn't miss it.
 got a kick!
 mind blowing
 thoroughly enjoyable
 all i can say is salman bhai did it...
 a good entertainer movie kick is simply kick ass!
 very nice movie
 very good
 blockbuster
 expecting kick 2
 arsène lupin,robin hood, and batman combined , with an indian taste
 excellent movie
 go and watch the movies
 outstanding
 entertaining and fun, but not a critic favorite!
 excellent movie
 kick is an excellent movie !!
 good movie
 very very good film
 kick has awesome production level
 to much fun blockbuster
 good & entertaining film
 salman khan at his best... neglect the negative reviews... go for it...
 kick is a kick-ass entertainer!!!!
 get your kick this eid!
 blockbuster
 paisaa vasoool
 excellent movie..
 superb movie #kick
 excellent movie
 amazing movie!! huge blockbuster
 great movie
 iss jumme ki raat bhai ayya, and he completely gave the biggest kick!!! salman will break bo records this eid, most entertaining film of 2014
 this is a average movie
 salman khan's blockbuster saga :: vengeance from critics and haters.
