 yet another south remake but not really bad
 akshay kumar steals the show
 a super entertainer!
 holiday, a tribute to indian military and their families and a subject like terrorism handled in a light-manner, is a pretty decent watch.
 holiday is a fine effort. baring few scenes, it does have style and substance
 another good one from india
 fast paced film
 anti terror
 mission save mumbai from terror attack
 movie had moments of awesomeness,rest of the movie was just ok!!!
 my review: thrilling holidays!!
 akshay done great
 illogical but who cares, it is a one time watch
 movie review - holiday: a soldier is never off duty
 akshay kumar action as usual with good story
 another hit from akshay kumar and sonakshi sinha
 holiday : movie review
 dedicated to indian army
 one of best action thriller
 gripping action thriller
 recommended
 akshay back to his best, backed with a solid script
 must watch movie of 2014
 #holiday another supehit from akshay kumar
 akshay kumar gonna rock the box office
 a slick thriller that will keep you engaged and enthralled!
 bahot badhiyan movie hai!
 super thrill
 job well done!!
 holiday-another blockbuster!
 one time.. must watch for every indian.
 holiday is normal, unique and entertaining enrichment
 a spectacular film! (i mean it)
 tu suspense mein maar.... one of akshay's best acts, and brilliant action/thrill!!!!
 great flick
 powerpack performance by khiladi kumar
 holiday makes boom boom in b.o.
 excellent movie
 deserve to be watched at least one time in theaters
 holiday is an excellent movie in every possible way. must watch for those who love and appreciate sensible cinema.
 holiday:- a soldier is never off duty is a must watch!
 power packed action thriller
 refreshing akshay
 a spectacular film!
 holiday is 1 of the best "thriller" film made in bollywood, a must watch film
 a good watch.
 just phenomenal.
 excellent movie to rejuvenate the soldiers
 great movie
 nice
 deserve holiday is excellent 10 out of 10
 thanks to director a.r.murugadoss..don't miss it..
 very good movie, well done akshay! this is a must watch
 very very good film
 best movie ever seen
 a fine entertainer.
 best movie after 3idiots & namstey london
