 bang bang (u/a) hindi --------------- my rating: ★★★ one time watch
 hrithik roshan is the only silver lining in this messy drama. watch it only if you are big fan of hrithik !!!
 commercial entertainer with high visual appeal
 for hrithik fans ...
 mind blowing action but flawed script disappoints
 visually stunning with great action sequences.
 bang bang - a good attempt still, fizzled out
 a typical commercial entertainer!
 let down considering how awesome teaser was
 bang bang 2014
 one of the decent action comedy film but it's still good
 no story and very choppy editing. but will keep you entertained for all hrithik fans
 ok movie.. expected more
 not sure whether a bad remake or a time pass
 way below expectations and lacks the over-hyped action
 did not bang well !!
 bang bang thank you man!
 bang bang is a mass entertainer, for those who love masala movies with full pack of action, adventure, comedy and romance
 bang bollywood bang
 justified bollywood version of hollywood's knight and day
 all style, little substance, still quite entertaining !
 good, but would have been great
 a fun ride, the best pair is back!
 bang with bang-bang
 a good watch
 "bang bang" excellent for bollywood
 a one time watchable flick.....
 what a action movie it is
 6.7 out of 10 :p
 review + experience of bang bang
 hrithik at his best
 the title track is really good!
 a bonanza for action fans
 rajveer (hrithik roshan), a charming yet mysterious man messes with the baddies to safeguard a kohinoor diamond and ends up falling for harleen (katrina kaif)
 gr8 movie despite all it's flaws
 one of the best action movie of bollywood any time
 bang bang - sensational indian romcomaction!
 enjoyable movie
 awesome action movie of the year
 it's official remake of knight and day but much better action sequences, much better visuals new treat is given in story
 a very good movie!
 better.
 bang bang is outstanding
 hrithik and bang bang redefines the action in bollywood
 just go and watch
 bang ?bang entertainment ... a fantabulous masala flick for your weekend !!
 simply awesome movie till date by bollywood.
 hrithik rocks!!
 awesome movie ever made in bollywood..!!
 bang bang is a blast
 best movie so far
 emotional, sweet and raw !! bang bang is a mind boggling film
 full paisa vasool movie...
 just a phenomenal movie best entertainment movie ever in india
 awesome movie but slow paced.., watch only for hrithik roshan and stunts
 very very good film
 very good film
 very good film
 in love hrithik and katrina again and have to watch it again
 indeed a bang bang on box office. awesome movie of the season :)
 bang bang the best action movie in bollywood
 definitely a must watch!!!
 "bang bang!" proves how much fun can be had in one movie!
 hrithik once again proved it !!!
 hrithik redefines what acting is all about !!
 bang bang is how dhoom 3 should have been
