 let me tell you why i have to choose 6
 a must watch at home
 tamasha - forget the worldly tamasha & love yourself
 still can't believe, its imtiaz ali's ,movie
 same old story represented in a unique manner.
 tamasha, the spectacle, is not a debacle
 if you are a fan of imtiaz ali movies, this is an ''add-on''
 it's not the same story.
 tamasha
 a spectacle
 tamsha: find your story
 a lively journey that has some highs and many lows in its overlong narrative that isn't quite devoid of the familiar emotions.
 best movie of imtiaz ali with a message
 imitiaz has missed class cinema by margin
 underrated
 worth watching but slow narrative!
 heer to badi sad hai ji...
 one of the unique storyline in bollywood
 defies expectations
 a vivid yet interesting love story
 why always the same story ? because.....
 rediscovering one's childhood dreams
 not a typical hindi masala movie
 overlooking the tedious first half, do watch it for an exceptional-visionary second, that might trigger the much desired change in your life avoided since many years.
 well written and executed
 tamasha's best quality is its music and there are a bunch of songs that are smoothly incorporated into the movie.
 a soul stirring and chaotic presentation of existence.
 a worth-watching tamasha!
 amazing chemistry, beautiful locations but an abstract storyline
 unexpected performance of ranbir kapoor, if i may say so...
 a good tamasha indeed!
 awesome movie...will be loved by those who don't love bollywood typical movie
 tamasha - by all odds, it's not for everyone!
 a masterpiece!
 tamasha grows on you....
 the movie that grows on you..slowly
 tamasha is a winner!!!
 good thoughtful movie
 awesome tamasha
 tamasha is capable of changing course of one's life.
 tamasha justifies the fact that imtiaz ali is a great director
 not everyone's cup of tea
 imtiaz ali pieces together a beautiful film
 tamasha ,spolier free review!
 ranbir delivers career best and a good one post barfi!
 tamaasha review
 when experts come together there creates a miracle
 tamasha, a winner !!
 very good.
 good movie but not perfect.
 tamasha is refreshing!
 take home message: what i have been searching all around, was within me!!!
 self realization by a small town boy and intense true love of a girl
 "choose your own story,its your life ! "
 imtiaz ali's getting great in unusual story telling
 a bold clarion call to take off the mask and dance to your heart's tune
 do not believe the crap you hear about the movie!
 i discovered me
 ranbir kapoor delivers a career best performance in this imtiaz ali film
 you are here to tell your story and act as your character! rk is back!
 an epic with contagious emotional narration and magical music that lets you madly become mad about something we can't express in words
 complex mixture of romance and tamasha
 once again a masterpiece from imtiaiz ali and brilliant performance from ranbir kapoor.
 a winner!
 brilliant film with outstanding camera work
 imtiaz ali's most ambitious film yet
 true art house movie, exceptional performances
 awesome creativity and plot
 ranbir+ imtiaz+deepika = addiction
 imtiaz ali - hats off man
 awesome movie
 vintage wine !!!!!! wait for it
 cast off your chains!
 excellent movie by a master story teller
 flawless,luminous,brilliantly written with powerful performances
 tamasha is good in parts thanks to wonderful performance by deepika padukone and ranbir kapoor
 tamasha : the story teller from a story teller
 the movie indian cinema literally needs but does not deserve
 the movie that changed my outlook on life.
 tamasha | complex story breaking the monotony- complete analysis
 another intoxication of ranbir & deepika...
 imtiaz ali's most complex product till date
 this movie compelled me to write my first review.
 masterpiece
 don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. unfold your own myth.
 imtiaz's best movie
 ranbir and deepika's best work till date.
 fabulous.!
 a story of a story teller from a story teller
 absolute masterpiece
 tamasha movie review
 finally something good from indian cinema
 excellent
 one of the top 5 bollywood works of all time
 a jewel of bollywood's crown.
 tamasha is a new click to bollywood
 cinema at its creative best!
 movie teach us do what you love to do you will be first in that!!!
 wow must watch love story
 incredible movie, i guess
 tamasha has many layers.. its a modern art... a true masterpiece!!!
 tamasha - a tale of finding one's dream (spoiler free review)
 tamasha
 beautiful movie in bollywood...a contemporary art!!
 a must watch especially for the workaholic youth
