 insult to love, relationship and cancer patients
 couldn't be more torturous than this
 please don't insult new generation
 watch it at your own risk!!
 watch only if you want to donate your money to this karan johar politics of idiotic film
 ae dil hai waste of time and money...
 awful and pathetic film!!
 all that glitters is not gold
 awful movie, no story line , absolutely bizarre acting , don't watch it .
 one of the worst films i have ever seen!
 this is money making film.
 this film will give u cancer - literally
 "ae dekhna hai mushkil"
 most awful movie i have ever watched
 truly pathetic. same ol trash.
 of friends and foes
 all beauty no soul - this movie is very difficult to watch
 friend zone alert
 ayan falls in love with his soulmate, alizeh, but she doesn't reciprocate the feeling. later, a relationship with saba helps him realize alizeh's value in his life,.
 indeed 'difficult' to watch till the end.
 this movie sucks!
 no thank you...lol
 an awful, disgusting and shameless movie
 not worthy to spend time on
 where was the romance in this so-called romantic movie?
 mushkil for dil and dimag to understand this
 not a family movie
 this movie is about getting friend-zoned and staying there. what a bad and disastrous try to copy of the fault in our stars
 its below average movie
 most disappointing film from kjo
 great opportunity for wasting time & money
 overacting. irrelevance.
 a mishmash of khnh and other such mush..
 wink-wink references to other bollywood features add spice to this lukewarm masala.
 completely meaningless story
 save yourself from this "badi mushkil", invest in something productive instead.
 non sense with things already explained in srk movies in beautiful manner
 this is not love for sure
 stay at home, donate the ticket money for a good cause
 love triangle without any fix angle
 karan johar's version of rockstar and possibly every bollywood movie ever!!
 not worth a watch
 rich people problems
 what a let down
 lacking in conviction- you miss nothing but a bit of ranbir's acting if you skip over.
 ae dil hai mushkil...to digest this crap.
 watching it is a big mushkil
 highly disappointing !! karan fooled everyone....
 grow up mr johar
 waste of time
 same old stuff in new packing. boring. a yawn was mushkil to avoid.
 a shock to me for entire 2.30 hrs
 just plain boring
 worst at its best !!!
 relaint on star power
 a waste of time, money, energy and a few points of iq
 depressing & boring
 ae dil hai mushkil is shallow and superficial while conveying the story of unrequited love, one-sided love.
 watching this movie was muhskil
 can a boy and girl ever be just friends?
 wasted good talent - overacting
 ridiculously bad !!
 what a shame!
 ae dil kahe ko mushkil ?
 wasted chemistry between ranbir kapoor and aishwarya rai
 ranbir and anushka helps the ship to not sink
 good actors and music compensate for lack of story.
