 one of the best performance by the lead actor
 every turn , action and dialogues is predictable.
 hrithik has found one of his best portrayals yet.
 hrithik saves the movie from boredom
 boring with a few good moments here and there
 not so kaabil, yet worth a watch
 "capable" of entertaining you. ♦ grade c+
 a good thriller.
 hrithik roshan back in form....
 kaabil - hrithik roshan show all the way.
 with more work on revenge script in the later part of the movie, this could have been a wonderfully made thriller.
 brilliant concept with having emotions and heart at right place
 powerful and thought provoking
 a winner for this hrithik roshan cat and mouse thriller.
 what an enigmatic performance by hrithik !!! makes a great comeback
 not an usual revenge saga
 decent movie to watch
 kaabil full movie review
 kaabil is a pretty good movie and it will not disappoint you.
 brilliant revenge thriller
 kaabil - hrithik's best
 hrithik roshan delivers his career best performance in an otherwise predictable film.
 vengeful and blazingly kaabil hrithik - the underdog hero of an action-drama
 one of the most intelligent revenge drama with raining emotions.
 wished if i could enjoy more.
 kaabil - a revenge thriller!
 a predictable plot saved by the cast and screenplay
 amazing acting by hrithik and amazing story vijay kumar mishra
 kaabil review
 hrithik is remarkable in this nicely done vendetta fare...
 90's plot with a gripping storyline.
 mixed feelings about this film
 kaabil-hrithik steals the show.
 go for kaabil and it will be worth it for sure
 comeback movie of hrithik roshan
 untold love
 worthy enough to take on king khan
 awesome film a must watch
 not a regular reviewer but couldn't resist reviewing this masterpiece
 kaabil: an action thriller with its lead actor as its heart and brain.
 a very good lovely thrilling movie with very good acting....
 hrithik's pursuit for perfection, a treat for everyone
 a must watch for everyone .. !!
 you wont regret watching this movie... you only wish for more...
 best revenge thriller! hrithik slays it.
 genuine review of kaabil (no spoilers)
 kaabil movie review: worth it for sure!
 a very good movie that ends perfectly.
 i hardly bother to write detail reviews.
 kaabil standout as a better thriller than we usually get from bollywood.
 awesome movie...probably the best of hrithik roshan's career
 film is more than what you expect, more than the revenge story
 kaabil stands for hrithik roshan
 one of the most technically sound movie of indian cinema
 very good movie
 a "paisa wasool" movie for a hrithik fan!
 he deserves the most kaabil actor award
 definitely recommend
 mind sees all......well for hritik's rohan it's true
 a worth watching thriller with class performances and will make you cry before intermission. hrithik is again on his best.
 be 'kaabil' enough to watch kaabil
 kaabil review.
 must watch movie
 excellent
 an unusual thriller..in the history of bollywood
 kaabil.....hrithik roshan at best.....
 kaabil has one the finest performance of hrithik roshan
 a must watch....
 hrithik roshan steals the show
 overall execution helped in making this movie excellent revenge drama
 hrithik is back!!!!!!
 hrithik, he is not just an actor, he is emotion with excellence
 u will be glued to your seats, the entire film. brilliant!!!
 hrithik roshan and a perfect storm is what is kaabil!!!
 awesome movie
 movie made from pure heart!! highly recommended
 wow...just wow!!!!!!!
 kaabil will go down as one of the best film of hrithik roshan till date
 best of 2017
 must must must watch movie
 hrithik roshan! osm! god of acting!
 hrithik is brilliant
 excellent
 kaabil is simply outstanding & excellent!!
 kaabil - another gem from hrithik's kitty !!!
 give proper rating for kaabil
 great watch
 action, drama, emotion, thrill, romance, comedy and sensitivity.. everything is there in this movie and moreover it has outstanding performance by hrithik roshan
 best movie ever
 good movie
 what a movie- hrithik does a fantastic job
 must watch movie for all !
 hrithik roshan is the best actor in bollywood
 movie is brilliant
 ....wow.....
