 one time watchable
 a must watch movie to indian's.
 above average!
 didn't reach full potential
 a well-made, well-acted film!
 direction could have been much better
 a film to be watched by every parent
 excellent performances, humor and for family audience
 food for thought
 a brilliantly written story that everyone understands but no one realises. shown in a perfect way that throws a correct impact
 if you love being in hindi...and hated the school monopoly then this one medium is for you...
 family movie with a social message for everyone out there
 the social messages hit hard!
 not bad
 a delightful satire on the new indian education system
 misleading title...
 strong, relevant story; superb acting
 not to be missed
 a satire that will sting a lot of modern day indian parents
 hindi medium, a satire on our education system, is a very relevant film.
 "hindi medium" is electrifying that boast of enough humor and laugh to keep you entertained
 hindi medium- a subject in which we should score an a+
 nice one
 the bitter indian education system topped with loads of sweet humour
 a life lesson...
 subtle story
 eye opening movie but...
 reality based movie
 the very standard and mature new bollywood commercial production, dramas, rhythms and performances are all very solid.
 one of a kind
 irrfan khan all the way!
 excellent movie with a good story line and apt for today's parents
 an excellent film
 hindi medium
 education gamble
 bravo! a simple daily life curry prepared with the perfect amount of flavors and ingredients in it.
 where entertainment meets a social cause
 a poignant tale
 amazing movie..reality based
 english language is not a measurement of class but just a language like others.
 good story
 amazing!
 a gem that will revive your faith in indian cinema
 truly great
 very nice movie
 much much better than the over-hyped bahubali.
 international masterpiece
 fantastic
 what is the real starting line
 the unstoppable irrfan khan
 best, if you want to watch a movie with family definitely give it a try
 it's really like china.
 a satire on primary school admissions in india, lead by a stellar irrfan khan!
 one life, a hundred desires!
 hindi medium : filled with humour, love and a relevant social message !!!
 a film to be watched by every parent
 hindi medium review
 a fun filled satirical ride
 this saves bollywood
 great message!!!!!
 a play of life, the poor surviving the rich.
 brings faith back to bollywood
 beyond super..it is superb and oscar worthy!!!
 a satire on the admission system in delhi
 nobody can beat irfan khan
 excellent movie
 awesome, great movie
 amazing movie
 toooooo good
 must watch movie
 good movie
 awesome film with amazing acting
 amazing and heart touching
 excellent, amazing...... movie
 truly a masterpiece
 amazing
 amazing!! one of the most hilarious movie of irfan!!
 gonna miss your act in future irrfan sir
 oscar winning movie
 terrific!
 one of the top movies of bollywood.
 superb
 complete package
 saba qamar matches irrfan khan & deepak dorbiyal in every step in this feel-good movie!
 amazing movie
 great performances
