 arshad warsi will always be jolly llb for me
 akshay kumar is a brilliant advocate but jolly the judge wins jolly llb 2
 a nice plot wasted...!!!
 like a second hearing. ♦ grade c+
 entertaining but not a legal drama
 one man show
 a must watch court room drama for many reasons.
 too much jokes not relevant to the storyline
 jolly llb-2 review
 let the underdog win!
 a great watch! :)
 a sequel that keeps the essence of the original alive!
 overall jolly llb2 being the sequel to jolly llb is an average one time watch entertainer.
 a movie that fits perfectly into the jurisdiction of the audience. well written with decent performances.
 one time watch
 entertaining
 quite jolly
 good movie with no bollywood masala
 a clean court room drama!!!
 so far the best movie of 2017
 its a watchable court drama movie but it could have been better if they added few interesting elements into it and also if they could have balanced humor and seriousness
 "truth", "justice" and the comical "gap" in-between
 a great ending scene
 akshay kumar takes a cue from the original jolly, arshad warsi, and adds his own touch to it.
 do not miss jolly llb 2 at any cost. it is a fun ride all the way !!
 an intense story with laugh-out moments
 jolly good movie!
 a solid entertainer with akshay's excellence
 funny, socially relevant, engaging
 exceeded my expectations!!!
 script.
 awesome courtroom drama!
 my thought
 enjoy
 simply superb :- if you want something different, then this movie is for you.
 sequel kept the satire court room drama certainly entertain you through out
 filled with extraordinary performances, makes you laugh and think but never lets you take a yawn. a must watch.
 one among the few good bollywood movies..
 at this time(2017) a very unique movie from akshay
 new year bang from khiladi!
 jolly llb 2 review
 a must watch court room drama
 good script, great movie
 akki is unbeatable.
 subhas kapoor a great tealent
 not everything is fair in love and war.. akshay proving in cinemas, go for it and go pagal!!! 10/10
 awesome movie
 masterpiece like jolly llb.
 an honest movie.
 a must watch courtroom drama
 one of the best akshay kumar movies
 it should be a modern classic!
 bulao hardoi aur unnao ke laundo ko
 a must watch movie in the weekend. rating 4/5.
 as good as jolly llb
